https://www.cbc.ca/life/food/30-curries-soups-stews-and-more-warming-bowls-that-are-so-right-for-right-now-1.5920870
30 curries, soups, stews and more warming bowls that are so right for right now | CBC Life Content Skip to Main ContentAccessibility Help Menu When search suggestions are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.Search Search Sign In Quick Links News Sports Radio Music Listen Live TV Watch life CBC Life Holiday Shows Food Style Home Wellness Culture Work & Money Pets Travel Video Giveaways & Submissions More 30 curries, soups, stews and more warming bowls that are so right for right now | CBC Life Loaded Food 30 curries, soups, stews and more warming bowls that are so right for right now Hearty meals to pair with rice, bread — or enjoy on their own! Social Sharing Hearty meals to pair with rice, bread — or enjoy on their own! CBC Life · Posted: Feb 19, 2021 5:59 PM ET | Last Updated: February 19, 2021 comments (Photography, left: Eric Wolfinger; middle: Dennis The Prescott; right: Tim and Angela Chin) A cold and blustery day calls for a big beautiful bowl of something warm and hearty. You can turn to this list of curries, soups, stews and more to find the perfect big batch to make for everyone right now, or to reheat and enjoy for yourself all week long. What a delight to come in from the cold, knowing leftovers await! These 30 recipes, which can be paired with your favourite bread, rice, crackers — or had as a full meal all on their own — are pretty perfect for right now. Red Wine Beef Stew (Photo: David Bagosy; Styling: Melissa Direnzo) Khorak Bademjoon (Photography by Betty Binon) Meatball Soup with White Beans and Greens (Photo: David Bagosy, Styling: Melissa Direnzo) Kho (Credit: iStock/Getty Images) Métis Boulettes (Credit: David Wolfman and Marlene Finn) Miso Soup with Root Vegetables (Credit: Meg Tanaka and Zenta Tanaka) Khoresh Ghormeh Sabzi (Photography by Eric Wolfinger) Cream of Tomato Soup (Credit: Drake Devonshire) Khichdi (Photo: Shayma Owaise Saadat) Vegan Potato, Leek & Artichoke Chowder (Photography by Jeanine Donofrio and Jack Mathews) Turkey Neck Soup (Photography by Cathryn Sprague) Butter Chicken (Photography by Christian Lalonde) Greek Easter Soup (Photography by Christos Sourligas) Kimchi Soup Creamy Celeriac Soup Beef Bourguignon Sweet Potato, Coconut and Ginger Soup Winter Pappa al Pomodoro (Photography by Dennis the Prescott) Beef Barley 'Dragon' Soup Dal aur Sabzi (Photo: Shayma Owaise Saadat) Grapefruit Chicken Stew with Couscous (Credit: Hungry Gap Productions Ltd.) Beet-Fennel Soup (Photography by Ellen Silverman) Roasted Broccoli Cheddar Soup and Cheese Toasts Harvest Corn Chowder (Photography by Tim and Angela Chin) Paneer Makhani (Photography by Betty Binon) Mushroom Soup with Stilton, Apple & Walnut Croûtes (Credit: David Loftus) Roasted Chicken Noodle Soup with Fresh Herbs (Photo: David Bagosy, Styling: Melissa Direnzo) Root Vegetable Stew with Rosemary Garlic Baguette (Photo credit: Dennis The Prescott) Spring Pea Soup with Dungeness Crab (Photography by Kevin Clark) Real Greek Egg-Lemon Soup (Credit: Julie Van Rosendaal) Related Stories 12 one-pot wonder meals to make all season How to make your favourite cream soups dairy-free 5 fast pasta recipes you can turn around in a hurry 3 savoury recipes that bring lentils into the limelight Add some “good” to your morning and evening. A variety of newsletters you'll love, delivered straight to you.Sign up now Comments To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Become a CBC Member Join the conversation Create account Already have an account? Footer Links My Account Profile CBC Gem Newsletters About CBC Membership Connect with CBC Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile RSS Podcasts Contact CBC Submit Feedback Help Centre Audience Relations, CBC P.O. Box 500 Station A Toronto, ON Canada, M5W 1E6 Toll-free (Canada only): 1-866-306-4636 About CBC Corporate Info Sitemap Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Jobs Our Unions Independent Producers Political Ads Registry AdChoices Services Ombudsman Corrections and Clarifications Public Appearances Commercial Services CBC Shop Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities Radio Canada International Accessibility It is a priority for CBC to create a website that is accessible to all Canadians including people with visual, hearing, motor and cognitive challenges. Closed Captioning and Described Video is available for many CBC shows offered on CBC Gem. About CBC Accessibility Accessibility Feedback ©2022 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved. Visitez Radio-Canada.ca now
