https://www.ctvnews.ca/business/6-tips-to-achieve-financial-independence-in-canada-1.6171126
6 tips to achieve financial independence in Canada | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team 6 tips to achieve financial independence in Canada Business 6 tips to achieve financial independence in Canada Photo: Pexels Approximately 30.5 per cent of Canadian households are financially resilient enough to withstand a sudden financial setback, according to a 2021 report from Statistics Canada. Being financially resilient is far different from being financially independent, though. Today, I’ll explain what it means to be truly financially independent and share a handful of helpful tips on how to potentially achieve this. WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO BE FINANCIALLY INDEPENDENT? Financial freedom can mean different things to different people. When most people think of the term financial independence, they visualize a life of financial freedom without having to worry about how they’re going to pay their bills. This is a relatively true statement, but the true definition provides a bit more clarity. Financial independence is when an individual has accumulated enough wealth or has a passive income stream capable of covering all of their living expenses for the rest of their natural life without needing a paycheque or salary. Essentially, it is the same as having the ability to retire without having to work again. A privileged few are born into financial independence thanks to automatic income streams, investments, and assets allocated to them through inheritance. However, most financially independent Canadians can only succeed through hard work, planning, and consistent action. TIPS TO ACHIEVE FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE Wouldn’t it be nice to never have to work again? While this may sound like a dream to many, it is entirely possible. To achieve it, you’ll need to: Make smart financial choices Have clear goals Create a roadmap to success 1. Increase your savings rate Your savings rate is the percentage of your total after-tax income that you save. Do an audit of your current spending and see the areas where you might be splurging too much money on. Focus on the big three expenses of shelter, transportation, and food to see if there is one major area you can cut back on. By saving more money, you’ll be increasing your savings rate. 2. Start investing early Investing your money is one of the most common ways to achieve financial independence. You likely won’t get rich overnight by investing, and all investments do incur a risk on your part. Some popular investments for Canadians include exchange-traded funds (ETFs), stocks, mutual funds, and real estate. The earlier you start, the better, due to the magic of compounding returns. There are many ways to start, depending on how much involvement you want to have. You can start by using a robo-advisor or consulting with a financial advisor if you have less knowledge or want to spend less time investing. Another option is you can learn how to invest on your own and purchase investments from a discount brokerage. 3. Maximize your tax-advantaged accounts Canada’s tax-free savings account (TFSA) program is an incredible resource that allows Canadians to save money in a tax-free account. TFSA accounts are best used as investment accounts, and none of the earnings within the account are taxable, providing that your total savings are within the contribution limit of your account. Also, maximize the value of popular tax-advantaged accounts available to Canadians, such as the registered retirement savings plan (RRSP) and the registered education savings plan (RESP). 4. Increase your income Rather than saving money, look at ways to increase how much you can earn. Find different ways to increase your income, such as: Dividend income from investments such as ETFs or stocks Freelancing services on the side Rental income from residential properties Starting a business Negotiating higher salaries at your current position Finding higher-paying companies to work for 5. Live below your means If you spend all the money you make, it will be difficult to achieve financial independence. Living below your means can be one way to spend less. For example, if you get a promotion at work and your salary increases, try to keep your spending at the same level instead of immediately increasing your living costs. The value of delayed gratification will mean reaching your financial independence goals earlier. 6. Find a like-minded partner or spouse While it is not entirely necessary, having a partner with the same financial independence goals as you can go a long way in achieving your goals quickly. You can essentially double your salary and halve your costs if you find the right partner who is willing to work with you toward your financial independence. HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE TO ACHIEVE TRUE FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE? Achieving financial independence usually doesn't happen overnight. Unless you win the lottery or inherit a fortune, you’re likely going to have to work for it. The amount of time it takes depends on where you’re starting from, what your personal goals are, and how much you’re willing to invest. There are some extreme examples of people achieving financial independence in their 20s and 30s. However, it will be a struggle for most Canadians to do this, and most will still retire and achieve financial independence in their 50s and 60s. With rising inflation and the costs of housing, gasoline, and food going way up, early financial independence will be even harder to achieve in the future. But with hard work and careful planning, anything is possible. Christopher Liew is a CFA Charterholder and former financial advisor. He writes personal finance tips for thousands of daily Canadian readers on his Wealth Awesome website. Do you have a question, tip or story idea about personal finance? Please email us at dotcom@bellmedia.ca. MORE Business News Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history Qatar to supply liquefied natural gas to Germany from 2026 Competitors chip away at Tesla's U.S. electric vehicle share Canadian home prices expected to fall 3.3 per cent in 2023: Re/Max report 75 per cent of U.S. owners of Cdn. rec properties bought after foreign buyer ban: survey YOUR FINANCES Gap year popularity rises with students, COVID-19 lockdowns and costs factors With the 2023 post-secondary education application deadlines approaching, many students across Canada are looking for alternatives to university and college, leaving parents anxious taking a ‘gap year’ could mean they never return to school. opinion opinion | 6 tips to achieve financial independence in Canada Wouldn't it be nice to never have to work again? While this may sound like a dream to many, it is entirely possible. CTVNews.ca personal finance contributor Christopher Liew shares a handful of helpful tips on how to potentially achieve financial independence. Some recent homebuyers will find rate hikes painful as mortgages go up: BoC Recent homebuyers with variable-rate mortgages will find the adjustment to higher interest rates more painful, said Bank of Canada senior deputy governor Carolyn Rogers. Tips for a first-time car buyer with a stretched budget Buying your first car can be as exciting as it is daunting. Whether you’re buying a car off the lot from a dealership or purchasing a car in a private sale, contributor Christopher Liew shares in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca a few basic tips that you should always keep in mind. 'Last year's storm was just the beginning': Food banks have record-breaking visits in 2022 In March 2022 alone, food banks across Canada had 1.5 million visits, a 15 per cent increase from the year prior and the highest recorded usage on record. opinion opinion | Should you cancel an old credit card that you don't use anymore? Many Canadians have one or two old credit cards that they no longer use. Before you jump to close your old, unused credit card, CTVNews.ca contributor Christopher Liew outlines some of the pros and cons of closing a credit card account, so you can make the most informed decision. A quarter of Canadians have stockpiled food in the last month as grocery prices climb: Nanos survey Canadians are buying less expensive food, stockpiling food and even eating less to cope with food prices as inflation soars, according to a new survey. What do senior citizens need to do to age in place? Most Canadian seniors would prefer to stay in their homes for as long as possible, what is referred to as aging in place, rather than in an assisted living facility, according to recent studies that have come out this year. Personal finance contributor Christopher Liew shares some practical tips on how to age in place, so you can continue living life on your terms. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
