https://www.bellmedia.ca/about-bellmedia/
About us - Bell Media Skip to main content About us The Lede Bell Marketing Platform Advertising sales More Main Menu Producer guidelines Crave CTV CTV Comedy CTV Drama CTV Life CTV Sci-Fi Discovery TSN Canal D Canal Vie Cinépop Investigation RDS Super Écran VRAK Z Diversity in production Community investment Fr About us Bell Media is Canada’s leading content creation company with premier assets in television, radio, out-of-home advertising, and digital media. Advertise with us Our brands CTV CTV CTV is Canada’s #1 television brand. CTV provides unparalleled entertainment programming across two broadcast television networks; a powerful suite of specialty channels including CTV Comedy Channel, CTV Drama Channel, CTV Life Channel, and CTV Sci-Fi Channel; and digital channels CTV Throwback and CTV Movies, streaming on demand from CTV.ca and the CTV app. CTV has been Canada’s most-watched television network for the past 21 years in a row and features a wide range of sports and information programming, including CTV News, Canada’s highest-rated national and local newscasts. Visit website TSN TSN TSN is Canada’s Sports Leader and provides world-class content across its industry-leading platforms including five national television feeds, TSN.ca, TSN Radio stations, and the TSN app, featuring 5G capabilities. With a broad portfolio of sports assets, TSN delivers more championship events than any broadcaster in the country. The network’s deep and diverse roster of live sports programming includes the Grey Cup, IIHF World Junior Championship, Spengler Cup, Hockey Canada events, CFL, NFL, NBA, MLS, Toronto Maple Leafs, Ottawa Senators, Montreal Canadiens, Winnipeg Jets, Season of Champions Curling, FIFA World Cup™, UEFA EURO, MLB, Golf’s Majors, Grand Slam Tennis, NASCAR, F1, UFC, and NCAA March Madness. Visit website Crave Crave Crave is Canada’s prestige entertainment offering, delivering more Oscar®-nominated and Emmy® Award-winning programming than any other service, with HBO, HBO Max Originals, SHOWTIME®, STARZ, Hollywood-hit movies, and boasts a robust slate of English and French original series. It is a bilingual TV and streaming service, with thousands of hours of exclusive French-language content. Crave is available directly to all Canadians with access to the Internet at Crave.ca, via iOS and Android, and other platforms such as Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV, Chromecast, select LG Smart TVs, PlayStation, Roku, select Samsung Smart TVs, and Xbox One, and through participating service providers across ten, 24-hour High Definition linear and on demand channels. Visit website iHeartRadio iHeartRadio iHeartRadio is in Canada through a partnership between Bell Media and iHeartMedia, Inc. A leader in innovative radio programming throughout Canada, Bell Media features the country’s most dynamic, popular, and respected radio brands, including Toronto’s CHUM 104.5, the ÉNERGIE group in Québec, international brands like Virgin Radio, and Canadian brands including BOUNCE Radio and MOVE Radio. Bell Media is the largest radio broadcaster in Canada, with 215 music channels including 109 licensed radio stations in 58 markets across the country. For more information, visit iHeartRadio.ca. Noovo Noovo Noovo is the multiplatform media brand that does things differently! With reality TV, comedy, variety shows, and scripted series from home and abroad, Noovo’s vibrant lineup of engaging and entertaining programming takes viewers off the beaten path. Noovo offers content on all platforms for all audiences—anytime, anywhere. It includes the conventional channel Noovo, the websites Noovo.ca and Noovo Moi, the Noovo Info news service, and the Noovo app. The Noovo network includes TV stations in Montréal, Québec City, Saguenay, Sherbrooke and Trois-Rivières, plus affiliates in Gatineau, Rivière-du-Loup, and Val-d’Or. Its ad-supported VOD service Noovo.ca provides access to all of the brand’s original programming, shows from Bell Media specialty channels, and exclusive content. Visit website CTV News CTV News CTV News is Canada’s most-watched news organization both locally and nationally, and has a network of national, international, and local news operations. CTV News operations include CTV News Channel, BNN Bloomberg, CP24, and more. Flagship news sites include CTVNews.ca, as well as CP24.com and BNNBloomberg.ca, and are complemented by the CTV News, CP24, and BNN Bloomberg apps, which provide a direct connection to Canada’s most trusted news anytime and anywhere. With a perspective that is distinctly Canadian, CTV News brings Canadians the international and domestic news stories of the day and is the #1 news organization in Canada. Visit website CTV Comedy Channel CTV Comedy Channel CTV Comedy Channel delivers every flavour of funny with A-list stand-up, hilarious late-night talk shows, favourite sitcoms, and hit movies. From CTV, Canada’s most-watched network, CTV Comedy Channel is part of a powerful suite of specialty channels that also includes CTV Drama Channel, CTV Life Channel, and CTV Sci-Fi Channel, streaming on demand from CTV.ca and the CTV app. Visit website CTV Drama Channel CTV Drama Channel CTV Drama Channel features bingeable, premium scripted series, as well as some of the most dramatic and can’t-miss moments in unscripted television. CTV Drama Channel is the exclusive home to many award-winning and highly acclaimed series, fan-favourites, and original made-for-television films and seasonal holiday movies. From CTV, Canada’s most-watched network, CTV Drama Channel is part of a powerful suite of specialty channels that also includes CTV Comedy Channel, CTV Life Channel, and CTV Sci-Fi Channel, streaming on demand from CTV.ca and the CTV app. Visit website CTV Life Channel CTV Life Channel CTV Life Channel features fan-favourite lifestyle and DIY programming along with food series to savour. It’s home to series from beloved cooking personalities, as well as lifestyle favourites, and boasts a robust slate of original Canadian series. From CTV, Canada’s most-watched network, CTV Life Channel is part of a powerful suite of specialty channels that also includes CTV Drama Channel, CTV Comedy Channel, and CTV Sci-Fi Channel, streaming on demand from CTV.ca and the CTV app. Visit website CTV Sci-Fi Channel CTV Sci-Fi Channel CTV Sci-Fi Channel takes viewers to worlds with no limits, where fans connect to incredible stories, heroes, and galaxies they only dare to imagine. Consistently a Top 3 Canadian Entertainment Specialty channel, and the go-to destination for all things genre, CTV Sci-Fi Channel is the exclusive Canadian broadcaster of signature and fan favourite series, genre-defining movies, and more. From CTV, Canada’s most-watched network, CTV Sci-Fi Channel is part of a powerful suite of specialty channels that also includes CTV Drama Channel, CTV Comedy Channel, and CTV Life Channel, streaming on demand from CTV.ca and the CTV app. Visit website Discovery Discovery With compelling real-life programming that inspires and entertains, Discovery reveals the world in all its wonder, diversity, and amazement. Discovery offers a signature mix of adrenaline-charged stories, larger-than-life personalities, and vivid imagery for viewers with curious minds. With the best factual programming from Canada and around the world, Discovery captures the excitement of a passion for life – one lived fully and at its most extreme. With exceptional and immersive storytelling, the channel offers in-depth, behind-the-scenes glimpses at the extraordinary people and places that shape our world. Discovery content is available to stream on CTV.ca and the CTV app. Visit website CP24 CP24 CP24 is Toronto’s source for breaking news. Available on multiple platforms including television, web, mobile, and across CP24’s official social media accounts, information is also available on the move on CP24.com and with the CP24 app. CP24 is the GTA’s #1 destination for news, weather, and traffic. Visit website 97.7 HTZ FM 97.7 HTZ FM HTZ FM is Southern Ontario’s Best Rock – a heritage rock station, trusted in the region for decades. 90’s Rock is the core of what you’ll hear on HTZ-FM complimented with 70’s and 80’s Classic Rock, the best of Millennial Rock and choice New Rock tracks. Our veteran on-air staff is anchored by the award winning Biggs and Barr Show who deliver lifestyle content that is topical, irreverent, sarcastic and controversial. The HTZ FM brand is legendary, and will help your business attract a loyal and active audience. Visit website AM 1150 AM 1150 Reach an informed and engaged audience with radio advertising on CKFR AM 1150. We are a market leader in Kelowna, with multiple active online feeds providing the latest news notifications. When news breaks in the Okanagan Valley, CKFR AM 1150 is the first choice for listeners counting on reliable and up-to-the-minute coverage. Visit website AM580 AM580 CKWW 580 is the perfect way to reach an engaged and loyal audience in Windsor through radio advertising. We are the Motor City station for great fun and great “oldies”. Finally, there’s a Detroit-Windsor radio station dedicated to playing the greatest hits of all time. We broadcast every day from the legendary studios of the “Big 8”! CKWW 580 has the largest on-air music library in town, and has an excellent relationship with our loyal listener base. Visit website AM800 AM800 AM800 CKLW keeps the Windsor-Essex area informed and involved, 24 hours a day. Home to Windsor’s #1 Morning Show, CKLW 800 gives the local, Canadian perspective in an ocean of U.S. media. Our audience is in touch with their community and CKLW 800’s talk programming addresses issues that are specific to us and what local listeners are talking about. With a comprehensive local focus on news, community issues and information as well as specially selected syndicated programming, CKLW 800 is the perfect way to reach an engaged audience in Windsor through radio advertising. Visit website Animal Planet Animal Planet Animal Planet is the only animal entertainment brand that captures the drama and compelling characters of the animal kingdom. From the most perilous encounters with nature’s fiercest predators to the pets brought into families, Animal Planet brings out the character behind every creature and shares the story behind every behaviour. Viewers meet these animals and their human companions and protectors as they surprise, scare, play with and teach how similar we really are. Launched in Canada in 2001, Animal Planet programming offers an immersive and compelling journey into the animal world. Visit website Astral Astral Astral, a division of Bell Media, is a leader among Canada’s out-of-home advertising companies with more than 45,000 faces strategically located across the country. Astral offers six product lines: outdoor advertising, lifestyle networks, street furniture, airport, large digital format, and transit. Driving innovation on one of the country’s most dynamic media platforms, Astral is committed to leading technological change, offering advertisers increased opportunities to deliver powerful messages that engage and connect with consumers. Visit website BNN Bloomberg BNN Bloomberg BNN Bloomberg is Canada’s definitive source for business news, and the only television, radio, and digital service dedicated exclusively to helping Canadians invest and build their businesses. In addition to delivering 22 weekday hours of live market coverage, breaking news updates, and interviews with the country’s top financial minds, the network features the only televised stock ticker with real-time data from the TSX, NYSE, and NASDAQ. BNN Bloomberg delivers real-time content across industry-leading platforms, including up-to-the-minute business news, newsmaker interviews, and stock market analysis online at BNNBloomberg.ca, through the BNN Bloomberg app, and via BNN Bloomberg Radio, Canada’s first and only business news radio station. BNN Bloomberg is a partnership between Bell Media and Bloomberg Media. Visit website Boom FM Boom FM The new Boom FM plays the best musical variety on the airwaves, playing music from the greatest hits of the 60s and 70s all the way to today’s chart toppers. We also keep our listeners plugged in, both locally and regionally, with all the latest news and happenings. The boomfm.com website is also very popular with our local listener base. With 2 stations in the region, Boom FM is at the heartbeat of Monteregie. Visit website BOUNCE Radio BOUNCE Radio Visit website Canal D Canal D Every day a new theme, every day a new discovery. Mondays serve up entertaining explanations of science. Tuesday evenings are all about thrills and risks. Wednesdays take you inside fascinating and otherwise inaccessible worlds. On Thursdays, documentaries provide in-depth looks at subjects of all kinds. Fridays feature a series of unique crimes and investigations. On Saturdays, it’s time for laughter and relaxation. And the week wraps up in the company of the most adorable animals you can imagine. Canal D: discover it all. Canal D programs are available on demand at noovo.ca. Visit website Canal Vie Canal Vie Canal Vie is a specialty channel for today’s woman featuring a range of subjects that speak to the daily lives of Quebecers: interior decorating, renovation, cooking, fashion, health and family. Its magazine shows, documentaries and reality series address personal life and social issues alike, while its engaging hosts support, inspire and enlighten viewers. Canal Vie is a division of Bell Media. Visit website CFAX 1070 CFAX 1070 At CFAX 1070, our weeks are packed full of top-quality content. Hot-topic talk segments and newscasts are on air Monday through Friday. Then, in the evenings, we become Victoria’s headquarters for professional and local sports coverage. On weekends, we entertain listeners with a variety of lifestyle shows. Our engaging mix of content makes CFAX 1070 the perfect platform for radio advertising to an informed consumer base in Victoria. Visit website CFRA 580 CFRA 580 News Talk 580 CFRA is home to Ottawa’s breaking news. Wake up with Bill Carroll on The Morning Rush and drive home with Evan Solomon on Ottawa Now. News Talk 580 CFRA is your trusted source for breaking news as it happens. Visit website CHOM 97.7 CHOM 97.7 With a solid reputation built on classic rock hits, this English-language station has inspired and influenced more than one generation of listeners. Today, CHOM continues the evolution of rock by delivering all the hits from the 1970’s right up until today. Now, more than ever, CHOM brings people together in celebration of one thing… the spirit of rock. Visit website CHUM 104.5 CHUM 104.5 CHUM 104.5 plays all the best hits by today’s most famous artists. Our engaging on-air personalities and epic contests capture our listeners’ attention, and make us one of the most loved stations among a primarily female audience in Toronto. Visit website Cinépop Cinépop Cinépop is Canada’s first French-language television channel dedicated to showing yesterday’s movies today. Cinépop offers a selection of memorable films, presented in their full-length versions, and without commercial breaks. Cinépop is also available On Demand. For more information, visit cinepop.ca. Visit website CJAD 800 AM CJAD 800 AM Our mission is simple: inform, entertain and provide a voice to Montrealers. CJAD 800 provides the most frequent news updates, traffic reports every 15 minutes and comprehensive weather. Our experienced and well-known presenters know how to engage and challenge our listeners. With an informed audience tuned into local events, we are the perfect platform for your radio advertising in Montreal. Visit website CJAY 92 CJAY 92 Playing a selection of the greatest classic rock hits, CJAY 92 has been a trusted fixture of the Calgary radio landscape for over 30 years. Our listeners work hard, play hard, and make no apologies for who they are. Our on air team is both irreverent and self-deprecating, and is consistently the talk of the town as we let loose every day. Visit website CTV News Channel CTV News Channel CTV News Channel is Canada’s 24-hour all-news network. CTV News Channel draws on the vast resources of Canada’s #1 news organization, CTV News, to deliver breaking news the second it happens from communities across Canada and around the world. CTV News Channel is a division of Bell Media, which is part of BCE Inc. (TSX, NYSE: BCE), Canada’s largest communications company. For more information, visit CTVNewsChannel.ca. Visit website Discovery Science Discovery Science If it’s a groundbreaking idea, it’s on Discovery Science! Amazing viewers with cool innovations, ingenious ideas and the latest consumer gadgets, Discovery Science takes science out of the lab and classroom, revealing its fun and relevant applications in everyday life. Taking things apart, peering inside and putting things together in new and unexpected ways – Discovery Science celebrates today’s trials, errors and breakthroughs that change the world. From the science of survival in extreme environments and inventions that make our urban habitat more livable, to the building blocks of life itself, Discovery Science explores the quirky side of technology, human progress, scientific discoveries and the people behind them. Launched in Canada in 2010, Discovery Science is where cool and curiosity meet. Discovery Science is a division of Bell Media, which is owned by BCE Inc. (TSX, NYSE: BCE), Canada’s largest communications company. For more information about Discovery Science, visit ScienceChannel.ca. Visit website Discovery Velocity Discovery Velocity Discovery Velocity drives the passion for all things automotive through high quality and immersive series and specials. Watch original automotive shows, live motorsports, & car enthusiast programming on Discovery Velocity; Canada’s premier automotive destination! Discovery Velocity is a division of Bell Media, which is owned by BCE Inc. (TSX, NYSE: BCE), Canada’s largest communications company. Visit website E! E! E! is television’s top global destination for all things pop culture. E! content is available anytime and anywhere on CTV.ca and the CTV app. The pulse of pop culture, E! features a variety of programming including hit reality series and music competition series. The channel is also home to fascinating profiles of the world’s biggest stars, up-to-the-minute entertainment news, and the best live red carpet coverage from Canada and around the world. E! comes from Bell Media, home of CTV, Canada’s most-watched network. Visit website ÉNERGIE ÉNERGIE ENERGIE is a radio station featuring musical and spoken content by a team of high-calibre hosts that is primarily aimed at an audience aged 35 to 54. Our listeners enjoy content that entertains and informs them through humour and intelligence. Our varied and energetic musical programming features the greatest hits of the past 40 years. ENERGIE’s wide reach, unique format and top content make it an excellent choice for radio advertising in the province of Quebec. *** Note that ÉNERGIE 98.9 in Quebec City operates at a Talk format. Visit website ESPN Classic ESPN Classic ESPN Classic features great individual performances, controversial victories, huge upsets, momentous comebacks and unforgettable team dynasties. ESPN Classic has encore broadcasts of the most cherished classic games and moments from the world of sports. The network has all the bases covered with baseball, basketball, hockey, football, golf, wrestling, boxing, soccer, tennis, skating, Reel Classics sports movies and much more. Visit website FUNNY FUNNY Take advantage of 24/7 access to comedy-loving audiences with radio advertising on FUNNY. Hosted by the world’s top comedians, the goal of FUNNY is to deliver a laugh a minute. Our rapid-fire, brief comedic bits are designed for today’s shortened attention spans, and the universal appeal of comedy draws listeners from a multitude of demographics. Visit website Grandé Studios Grandé Studios In Québec, Bell Media partners with Grandé Studios, a Montréal-based multipurpose TV, film, and equipment company. Investigation Investigation Investigation features documentaries, reality shows, and dramas that explore all aspects of the justice system and forensic science, from legal and police cases to scams, cons, and espionage. Its gripping programming plunges viewers into the heart of stories that reveal human nature at its worst—and at its best. Investigation programs are available on demand at noovo.ca. Visit website Investigation Discovery Investigation Discovery Investigation Discovery (ID) brings justice to television with a deeper look into the world of crime, forensics, paranormal investigation, and modern mysteries. ID offers arresting entertainment that delivers remarkable insight into the thrilling twists and turns of real-life investigation and the most intriguing puzzles of human nature. Launched in Canada in 2010, ID reveals the fascinating human potential for good and evil. Investigation Discovery is a division of Bell Media, which is a part of BCE Inc. (TSX, NYSE: BCE), Canada’s largest communications company. Visit investigationdiscovery.ca for more information. Visit website MOVE MOVE Visit website MTV MTV From fashion and politics to lifestyles and trends, MTV is all about the stories of young amazing lives. Available across multiple linear and non-linear platforms, including CTV.ca, the CTV App, and Crave, MTV pushes boundaries with a fan-favourite slate of programming that includes the TEEN MOM franchise, JERSEY SHORE FAMILY VACATION, RIDICULOUSNESS, and iconic award shows including the MTV Video Music Awards. MTV comes from Bell Media, home of CTV, Canada’s most-watched network. Visit website MTV2 MTV2 MTV2 is unabashed, unpredictable, and unruly; it’s MTV unleashed! It’s the ultimate destination for Canada’s 12-24s, featuring an eclectic roster of crazy, over-the-top exclusive programming packed full of attitude. MTV2 airs and covers hit movies, comedy, extreme sports, live music and videos, animation, and gaming. MTV2’s fierce bite extends beyond television with a multi-platform experience that includes online, featuring an array of exclusive series too racy for TV. Visit website Much Much Much is the hub for everything that’s relevant and trend-worthy, delivering a diverse stable of irreverent and topical programming. From SOUTH PARK, AWKWAFINA IS NORA FROM QUEENS, and MOST RIDICULOUS to its industry-leading online and social media platforms, including Twitter (more than 900,000 followers), Facebook (more than 1 million likes), Instagram (over 50,000 followers). Much continues to deliver unique and entertaining content to its audience. Much is a division of Bell Media, home of CTV, Canada’s most-watched network, streaming on demand from CTV.ca and the CTV app. Visit website MuchMusic MuchMusic Always on and always connected, the reinvigorated MuchMusic delivers content that resonates with young audiences, driven by a new team of VJs, creators, and Much Studios personalities. The new lineup of talented and diverse VJs are poised to produce and define MuchMusic for a new era across multiple digital, content, and social media platforms. MuchMusic is available on Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, and TikTok. NEWSTALK 1010 NEWSTALK 1010 NEWSTALK 1010 takes an in-depth look into the news and social issues that impact our listeners. NEWSTALK’s audience trusts and respects the opinions of our on-air personalities. They tune in to our station to get the information they need, and to stay well-informed on issues that affect their lives. NEWSTALK 1010 produces current, local, exclusive stories that our listeners are concerned about. Visit website NEWSTALK 1290 NEWSTALK 1290 NewsTalk 1290 presents controversial interviews, phone-in shows, information and entertainment that is local first. Our personalities have been on the air in London for decades, and are well-known and trusted by our audience. We also schedule regular weather, traffic and sports updates each day. NewsTalk 1290 is the perfect platform for reaching an informed market in London through radio advertising. We are also the home of major league sports: Toronto Maple Leafs, Detroit Red Wings, Buffalo Sabres, Ottawa Senators, NFL Football, Superbowl and Grey Cup. Visit website NEWSTALK 580 CFRA NEWSTALK 580 CFRA NEWSTALK 610 NEWSTALK 610 NEWSTALK 610 CKTB is St. Catharines’ trusted station for a daily dose of information and entertainment. We cover the most important events happening both locally and around the world. A vibrant on-air and online community with live, local and opinionated talk shows, up-to-the-minute news, traffic reports and the latest water-cooler talk. Our experienced and well-known presenters know how to engage and challenge our listeners. This unique relationship creates a close connection, making us an ideal partner for your radio advertising. Visit website Noovo Info Noovo Info Noovo Info est le service d’information de langue française de Bell Média. Depuis mars 2021, l’équipe composée des journalistes télé, de la radio et du numérique assure la couverture de l’actualité partout au Québec. Les émissions Noovo Le Fil sont les rendez-vous phares du service d’information sur les ondes de Noovo et sur Noovo.ca. Sur le Web, l’équipe de journalistes couvre l’actualité aux quatre coins du Québec et propose des reportages exclusifs et originaux. Vous pouvez également suivre Noovo Info sur Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok et YouTube. À la radio, partout à travers la province, les journalistes rapportent la nouvelle de dernière heure pour les stations régionales de Rouge et Énergie ainsi que sur leurs pages web. Jean-Philippe Pineault, directeur général Mick Côté, producteur principal de l’information numérique Marie-Claude Beauséjour, adjointe administrative Ariane Lafrenière, gestionnaire principale de l’information Stéphanie Marin, gestionnaire principale des opérations Patrick Bégin, gestionnaire des opérations, radio Noovo Moi Noovo Moi Noovo Moi est LA source d’inspiration au quotidien pour le public désirant trouver des contenus aussi pratiques et informatifs que divertissants. Noovo Moi propose des articles signés par des personnalités engagées et inspirantes sur un vaste éventail de sujets tels que la cuisine, la décoration, les voyages, le star système et la culture populaire, la beauté et la mode, le couple et la sexualité, la santé, la famille, le jardinage et les activités sportives. Il y a aussi des dossiers spéciaux sur des thèmes et des sujets d’actualité. De plus, des collaborateurs appréciés du public apporteront leur touche personnelle en proposant des webséries exclusives. Avec cette offre riche et variée, Noovo Moi accompagne les internautes dans leur vie quotidienne. Website Visit website Pinewood Pinewood Pinewood Toronto Studios is the destination facility for domestic and international film and TV producers shooting in Toronto. Recent productions include It: Chapter Two, The Christmas Chronicles, A Simple Favor, Molly’s Game, The Expanse, and Star Trek: Discovery. The contemporary 330,000 square foot (29,600 square metres) purpose-built production lot is located on a 33.5-acre (13.5 hectares) site, minutes from downtown Toronto. Its 11 purpose-built stages, including one of North America’s largest purpose-built sound stages – the 46,000 sq. ft. (4,274 square metres) Mega Stage – are soundproofed, clear-span, and equipped with power and supporting infrastructure to accommodate productions of all sizes and budgets. Pure Country Pure Country Canada’s first-ever national country music radio brand, PURE COUNTRY spans across 16 Canadian radio stations, and delivers everything country music listeners love. PURE COUNTRY is anchored by local morning and drive home shows along with iHeartRadio Canada host Shannon Ella, a long-time country music fan, who hosts a nationally syndicated midday show weekdays on all PURE COUNTRY stations. Ella plays all the biggest country hits, keeps listeners up-to-date on the latest music news, and chats with some of country music’s biggest artists from Bell Media Studios in Toronto. Additional programming on PURE COUNTRY includes the IHEARTRADIO PURE COUNTRY COUNTDOWN, hosted by Sophie Moroz and Jeff Hopper, BOBBY BONES COUNTRY TOP 30 COUNTDOWN, NOTHIN’ BUT THE 90S WITH JASON MCCOY, and SATURDAY NIGHT HOUSE PARTY. With exclusive access and behind-the-scenes footage from some of the biggest country music festivals in the country, along with exclusive prizes and contents, PURE COUNTRY is the place for all country music listeners. Visit website RDS RDS RDS is Canada’s French-language sports broadcasting leader and Quebec’s number-one specialty network. In addition to world-class content delivered via multiple channels, including RDS, RDS2 and RDS Info along with digital platforms RDS.ca and RDS GO, RDS offers the broadest portfolio of French-language sports programming in the world. RDS is a division of Bell Media. Visit website Rouge FM Rouge FM With its nine stations in key Quebec markets, Rouge FM is the radio network that’s with our listeners from morning until night. Our announcers are seasoned professionals who know how to engage and challenge listeners with content that is dear to their hearts. With the addition of Veronique Cloutier, a Quebec superstar, the team is enjoying immense success with her at the forefront. Rouge FM is specifically designed to reach active consumers directly at their workplace – a unique advertising advantage. And to push the Rouge FM experience even further, our audience visits the Rouge FM website on a daily basis. Advertisers will benefit from the close relationship our listeners have with Rouge FM. Visit website Super Écran Super Écran SUPER ÉCRAN is the only premium French-language network in Canada that broadcasts TV premieres of films, exclusive and original series, and variety shows. SUPER ÉCRAN offers commercial-free viewing on four channels available in HD, with five new films every weekend. SUPER ÉCRAN is also available via On Demand. Visit website The Bear The Bear 100.3 The Bear – Edmonton, Alberta Edmonton’s Best Rock is 100.3 The Bear! Playing everything that rocks from AC/DC and Ozzy Osbourne to Nirvana and The Red Hot Chilli Peppers. Our highly entertaining on-air personalities push the limits on all subjects and invite listeners to do the same. We are often the talk of the town with our ‘out of the box’ stunting promotions and wild antics on-air, on-line and on the street. We keep the conversation open through Facebook, Twitter and live on air! You can find everything that rocks on 100.3 The Bear! 102.3 The Bear – Fort Nelson, British Columbia 102.3 The Bear is Fort Nelson’s Best Rock. Join Ken in the morning beginning at 6am for the hottest rock of today and the classics you love! Not to mention all the opportunities to win! It’s where winners listen…Rock 102.3 The Bear. Visit website Virgin Radio Virgin Radio Advertising with Virgin Radio gives you direct access to a youthful, highly engaged audience. Be a part of the station with the biggest names in the music industry. Virgin Radio offers our audience non-stop entertainment with hit music, star personalities and massive promotions. Our listeners are early adopters of the latest trends. They are plugged into the power of “now” and the thrill of the “latest”. Speak directly to the highly sought after younger, female-oriented demographic through Virgin Radio. Visit website VRAK VRAK VRAK is aimed at fans of dramas, especially those set in the medical, legal, and law enforcement worlds. Whether it’s new series or classics you want to watch again and again, VRAK offers bold, mature content that puts viewers right in the heart of the action, where excitement, passion and investigation are intertwined. It’s the destination for filling up on quality drama. Visit website Z Z Z is the channel of choice for people seeking to be entertained by TV programming that’s bold, dynamic, and funny. Its original productions, reality TV shows and dramas feature daring, colourful personalities who ensure an exciting viewing experience. Z programs are available on demand at noovo.ca. Visit website Bell Media Studios Bell Media Studios Canada’s Bell Media Studios is Canada’s leading end-to-end content creator, developing and producing 80 hours of live and taped programming in-house, each week. Award-winning titles include ETALK, THE MARILYN DENIS SHOW, THE SOCIAL, YOUR MORNING, and many specials including original, entertaining factual documentaries and series, for both Discovery Canada and other international broadcasters. Pinewood Toronto Studios Pinewood Toronto Studios As the majority owner of Pinewood Toronto Studios, Bell Media Studios also oversees operations of the 33.5 acre (13.5 hectares) facility in Toronto’s Port Lands. The complex includes 11 purpose-built stages, offices, teaching facilities, and support services for a growing roster of domestic and international film and television clients, now under expansion. Learn more Grandé Studios Grandé Studios In Québec, Bell Media partners with Grandé Studios, a Montréal-based multipurpose TV, film, and equipment company. Learn more The First-Ever IDEA (Inclusivity, Diversity and Equity in Advertising) Competition from ICA and Bell Media is Now Open For Entries TORONTO (March 12, 2021) – The first-ever IDEA (Inclusivity, Diversity and Equity in Advertising) competition from Institute of Communication Agencies (ICA), in partnership with… NOOVO INFO: INTRODUCING BELL MEDIA’S FRENCH-LANGUAGE NEWS SERVICE Bell Media today released details about its new Noovo Info news service and introduced the team members, including television, radio and digital journalists from Bell Media in Q… TSN and RDS Launch Immersive In-Game 5G Experience Letting Hockey Fans Control the Angle on Every Play MONTREAL (March 19, 2021) – Canada’s top sports networks TSN and RDS have announced the launch of TSN 5G View / Vision 5G RDS, an exclusive in-app (iOS and Android) feature that… See all press releases What are you looking for? Search Filters ▴ All News releases Shows Brands Date Range ▴ Start Date End Date Search Button Search 0 result(s) 1 >> No results found for "keyword" Follow Bell Media The Lede Today’s Lede Stories News Team Bell Marketing Platform Home Analytics DSP SAM TV Get started Login Advertising sales Television advertising Radio advertising Astral / Out-of-home Digital advertising Brand partnerships Bell Media About us Producer guidelines Diversity in production Community investment Closed captioning Privacy policy Bell Media website terms and conditions BCE accessibility services You will be redirected to the BCE accessibility page. Go now Cancel © 2022 All rights reserved.
