https://www.cbc.ca/kidsnews/about
About us | about | Kids News Hide Search Search CBC Kids News SEARCH CBC Kids News Hot Topics Topics KN Explains #GoodNews #WeirdNews Animals Gaming Sports Indigenous Stories Climate Change Mental Health War in Ukraine Science Search Real kids, real news Welcome! What are we? CBC Kids News is a daily news service for kids in Canada. We aim to cover the topics that kids care about. We aren’t your parents’ news. We aren’t a teacher site. We are real news, for real kids. Created for and with ... kids. Click here to meet our contributor team There are so many news stories out there about kids, but we rarely hear from those kids directly. That’s where we come in. We aim to get your perspective on issues that matter most to you. You can trust that the information you read on CBC Kids News is well-researched, balanced and backed by facts. That’s because we follow the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation’s Journalistic Standards and Practices. Click here to meet the members of our advisory committee Don’t agree with something you read? Tell us! We’re always trying to find ways to improve and best reflect the opinions of Canadian kids! We’re also a safe place for kids. That’s why you won’t see us link to external pages or social media, unless we’re confident they’re safe. Check us out for trending and timely stories from the day's headlines in news, pop culture, sports, science, technology and the environment. Contact Us Do you have a question, story idea or suggestion? Ask a parent/guardian for permission to email us at cbckidsnews@cbc.ca. Invite CBC Kids News into YOUR classroom Register for a fun and engaging lesson on how news is produced. CLICK HERE > Sign up for the KN Newsletter Get the latest stories delivered to your inbox every Friday. CLICK HERE > Privacy Policy Terms of use Copyright policy Other policies Contact us About Us Feedback form © 2022 CBC Kids News back to top close this modal You are now leaving the CBC Kids News Website. Cancel Okay
