https://edmonton.ctvnews.ca/is-alberta-s-approach-to-addiction-truly-behind-the-declining-number-of-drug-poisoning-deaths-1.6171969
Alberta has 50 per cent fewer drug deaths in 2022 | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Edmonton Close EDMONTON Search Search CTV Edmonton Close News Latest News Everything Edmonton COVID-19 in Alberta CTV News Red Deer Northern Alberta Alberta Legislature City Hall Weather Traffic Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 Alberta Primetime About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us News Links Social Facebook Twitter Instagram TikTok Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Edmonton Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? A person receives a tested supply of cocaine after gathering to remember those who died from a suspected illicit drug overdose, in Vancouver, on Wednesday, February 9, 2022. Advocates say while the early findings on safe supply programs are promising, those programs are still not meeting the needs of a large share of Canadians who are at risk of drug poisoning. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck While the Alberta government and federal Conservative party claim the province's recovery-oriented care model is the reason that fatal drug poisonings have decreased by almost 50 per cent over a year, the statistic doesn’t show the full picture, cumulative data analysis shows. Alberta’s recovery-oriented approach includes residential addiction treatment, narcotic transition services to help people reduce opioid-narcotic reliance; and opioid-agonist therapy, which involves using drugs like methadone to minimize withdrawal symptoms. The province also distributes Naloxone, offers a mobile phone app that sends medical assistance to people who become unresponsive while taking drugs, and operates seven supervised consumption sites. According to Alberta's United Conservative Party and Conservative Party of Canada, the approach is responsible for overdose deaths falling by 50 per cent between November 2021’s record-breaking high and August’s much lower number. Recently in Parliament, Pierre Poilievre, Opposition and federal Conservative leader, applauded Alberta's policy. “You know the result of that approach?” he questioned, “They have cut overdoses in half. They are saving lives, proving there is always hope.” Poilievre echoed those sentiments in a recent five-minute video posted to social media titled “Everything feels broken,” where he also says drug addiction is the “result of a failed experiment” of regulated drug supply programs. Everything feels broken. But we can fix it. pic.twitter.com/4WarLBsBUU — Pierre Poilievre (@PierrePoilievre) November 20, 2022 “This is a deliberate policy by woke Liberal and NDP governments to provide tax-funded drugs to flood our streets with easy access to these poisons,” Poilievre said in the video. The alternative, he says, is Alberta’s successful recovery-oriented care model. “In Alberta today, they’ve managed to cut overdose deaths by almost half by getting people into recovery.” Caroyln Bennett, federal mental health and addictions minister, responded to Poilievre’s video on social media to refute his claims that “there is no safe supply of these drugs.” “This is not true,” Bennett tweeted. “The evidence is clear on this. Safe supply saves lives. We cannot afford to return to damaging, unscientific ideology at the expense of people’s lives." The evidence is clear on this. Safe supply saves lives. We cannot afford to return to damaging, unscientific ideology at the expense of people’s lives. — Carolyn Bennett (@Carolyn_Bennett) November 21, 2022 And, while addressing the Calgary Chamber of Commerce on Nov. 18, Alberta Premier Danielle Smith also used the statistic to assure the room of Calgarians that the UCP government's recovery-based care model was working. “The approach we are taking has reduced opioid deaths 51 per cent year over year. We’ve reduced hospitalizations by 33 per cent. We have reduced the number of ambulance visits by 39 per cent and we’re going to continue doing it,” she said. THE DATA Opioid-related deaths in Alberta have been trending down throughout 2022. February had a high of 168 deaths, while March through May sat around 120 per month. June through August stayed below the 100-death mark. But when comparing the highest number of opioid-related deaths in Alberta history last November (174) to the most recent month of data available from August of this year (94), there is a 46 per cent decrease – not 51 per cent as the UCP and Poilievre have advertised. If factoring in all drug-related deaths – not just those involving opioids – there is a 47-per cent decrease. There’s actually a 0.7 per cent increase if the number of opioid-related deaths that occurred in the first eight months of 2021 (969) is compared to the same period of 2022 (976). The monthly averages based on the first eight months of data are also nearly identical. More than 120 Albertans died from opioid-related drug poisonings in August of 2021 compared to 2022’s 94, marking a 25-per cent decrease. An average of 76 people died from opioid-related overdoses in the month of August in the years 2016 to 2022, meaning that although this year had fewer opioid-related deaths than both 2021 and 2020, the number is still above the seven-year average. When asked why the Alberta government most commonly uses November 2021 – the month with the highest number of deaths on record – as the benchmark, a spokesperson justified the comparison. “Opioid-related deaths in August are down 46 per cent from their peak in November of 2021. August also marks the third month in a row opioid-related fatalities remain below 100 in the province, and these three months are the lowest on record since the start of the pandemic,” said Colin Aitchison, press secretary to the minister of mental health and addiction, in a statement. “This is a significant decrease in opioid-related fatalities and we are cautiously optimistic that this trend will continue.” DECREASE IN DEATHS COULD BE DUE TO SEVERAL FACTORS The decline in overdose deaths in Calgary may have something to do with a lower level of drug toxicity, believes Euan Thomson, the executive director of EACH+EVERY, a coalition of businesses that are in favour of harm-reduction strategies. Thomson has years of experience working in both Alberta and British Columbia. He has compared the number of reversed overdoses at Safeworks, a supervised consumption site in Calgary, toxicity levels in drugs seized and tested in Alberta, and the number of poisoning deaths in the city to see how they might impact one another. He uses data from this particular site because it is accessible to the public dating back to 2017. “At Safeworks, we hit a peak of eight per cent of people walking through those doors experiencing an overdose back in December of 2021, which also coincided with the peak of our drug toxicity deaths in Calgary,” he told CTV News Edmonton. “Since that point, we’ve dropped down below three per cent and even lower than that now in terms of the overdose rate at Safeworks.” He says that the number of reversed overdoses at the supervised consumption site fell alongside the number of drug-poisoning deaths throughout the year. A family doctor who practices in Edmonton’s core and cares for people who use drugs says there are many possible reasons why drug-poisoning deaths are decreasing, including seasonal fluctuations and stabilization in drug supply. “There may just have come a point where a lot more people of risk aren’t around, so that’s certainly a possibility, as well,” said Dr. Ginetta Salvalaggio. Salvalaggio says that it would be premature to credit a decrease in deaths to the Alberta government’s recovery-oriented care model. “They haven’t subjected that (claim) to rigorous study. No one's released any data to demonstrate that,” she said. “Before we go making pronouncements like that, we better have evidence. I don’t see it.” If the drop in deaths really is attributable to Alberta’s strategy, Salvalaggio would like to know why Alberta’s trends are mirroring those of other provinces with different policies. According to data available via the Government of Canada’s Health Infobase, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Ontario have seen opioid-related deaths trend similarly for the last six years, including most recently when all three provinces saw a drop in deaths in the first quarter of 2022. Aitchison did not respond to CTV News Edmonton asking for data to prove that the decline in fatalities in Alberta was a direct result of the government's approach. Instead, he provided a list of steps the government is taking, saying in part, “this includes work over the past three years to establish 8,000 new spaces, remove user fees, launch the Digital Overdose Response System (DORS), and offer same-day treatment with the award-winning Virtual Opioid Dependency Program (VODP).” A REGULATED DRUG ALTERNATIVE Thomson would like to see the provincial government include drug toxicity data to decide how to most effectively address the crisis. “This is the sort of data we should be basing policy on, but instead, we’ve chosen a policy and now we’re trying to fit the data to justify that policy,” he commented. Thomson says what’s needed most is a low-barrier, regulated supply. “Worry about all the other interventions after," he suggested. "Let’s first focus on keeping people alive with regulated versions of the drugs they’re using anyway." Dr. Salvalaggio says her patients, too, tell her that they are concerned about the level of toxicity in the drug supply, the lack of a regulated alternative, as well as the lack of access to community-based support. “The social stability needed to access these services, the complete and utter lack of attention to housing, the disruption of encampments and so on,” she said. “You can’t be asking people to insert themselves into a pathway of care that was prescribed to them if you’re not providing them with any of the supports, even if they want that treatment.” The number of drug-poisoning deaths in Alberta for September and October have yet to be released by the provincial government. With files from CTV News Parliamentary Bureau Writer Spencer Van Dyk Edmonton Top Stories Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Fresh supply of welders on the way to fill Alberta industry demand Edmonton to host biggest snowboarding event in Canada 40-year-old man's death in Fort McMurray under investigation Death of man in High Prairie was 'targeted': police Edmonton activates extreme weather response to protect the vulnerable as cold sets in CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Calgary police are investigating after a man was shot in the city’s southeast on Tuesday. Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon city council landed on a 3.93 per cent property tax hike for 2023. Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns Mandy Thibodeau is worried about the safety of her employees at the Subway on 22nd Street and 2nd Avenue in downtown Saskatoon. City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA The Saskatoon SPCA wants the city to cover the costs an animal faces when going from pound to shelter. Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Business operations are winding down at Saskatchewan government liquor stores as the remaining 34 locations will close their doors in the new year. Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Saskatchewan is forecasting a $1.1 billion surplus for 2022-23 in its mid-year financial report released on Tuesday. Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Regina city councillor Dan LeBlanc showed up to the Court at King's Bench Tuesday morning to set a date to make his case against the city's manager. Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' The mother of a man found dead last week in Moncton, N.B. is calling for change after what she calls a series of systemic failures led to his body being found in a cold public washroom. Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes A powerful weather front associated with a low centred in northern Quebec will sweep across the Maritimes Wednesday night into Thursday. $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman The Nova Scotia government is offering up to $150,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the disappearance of Devon Sinclair Marsman. Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Two people are in critical condition following a shooting in Scarborough Tuesday evening. Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Complaints of trash illegally dumped on Toronto streets have doubled as city enforcement has plummeted -- a recipe, some residents say, for smelly and unsightly garbage to litter neighbourhoods. Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 The City of Montreal announced an average tax rate increase of 4.1 per cent for residential properties in the city centre on Tuesday. It will be the highest tax increase since 2010. Residential property taxes collected by the city centre will go up an average of 4.1 per cent in 2023. Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Concerned about the decline of French in Quebec, particularly in Montreal, Premier François Legault says he will release more details of a plan that would require 100 per cent of economic immigrants to be French-speaking. Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal A 64-year-old man has died after his helicopter crashed in a field in Lefebvre, Que. Tuesday afternoon. Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct An Ottawa woman is accusing a well-known lawyer of sexual misconduct, saying he offered her legal services in exchange for sexual favours. Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash A teenager who followed his dream to play U.S. college basketball is now faced with a life-changing event, after a car crash in Nebraska left him paralyzed. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Region of Waterloo staff say sweeping new provincial housing legislation will cost the region and its seven municipalities an estimated $530 million over the next 10 years, and taxpayers could be on the hook to make up the difference. Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified A victim has been identified after a multi-day investigation in Brant County that began as a suspicious death before being ruled a homicide. Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home St. James Catholic High School construction teacher, Jerry Della Savia, says he thought it was the perfect opportunity to take skills learned during class and have students apply them in a valuable way in the community. Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV A Sudbury family is sharing their story after their son spent a week in the hospital with respiratory syncytial virus. Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting A large female coyote has been captured on video patrolling a street in the Greater Sudbury area and here is what you should know. Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Three years ago, during a moment of suffering from post-traumatic stress, Dre crashed her car into some trees on Municipal Road between Timmins and Iroquois Falls. Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity A local business owner is being hailed as a quiet philanthropist after donating a gift to the Winnipeg Foundation valued at about $500 million, the largest individual gift ever made to a Canadian charity. Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines Some Winnipeggers are undeterred by the possibility of fines for shovelling bike lanes. 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head The Manitoba Underdogs Rescue is calling on the public for help to save a dog that was found with severe injuries to his head and face. Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP Surrey's new mayor and council have taken the next step in their plan to scrap the Surrey Police Service and maintain the RCMP as the city's police force. How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? B.C. volunteers who dismantled what they're calling "tire island" – sending more than 2,000 of the parts to be recycled – are trying to figure out how the tires got there, and why they seem to have been left there for decades. Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found After Jodine Millar's vehicle was found in an Abbotsford ditch – without her in it —Mounties say they are increasingly concerned for the missing woman's safety. Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather BC Ferries has cancelled eight sailings between Vancouver and Victoria on Tuesday due to "adverse weather." The cancelled sailings come as much of coastal B.C. endures a winter storm. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow A semi-truck got stuck on the Malahat highway on Tuesday afternoon amid heavy snowfall in the region. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
