https://atlantic.ctvnews.ca/
Atlantic News | Local Breaking | CTV News Atlantic Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Atlantic Close ATLANTIC Search Search CTV Atlantic Close News Latest News Weather Traffic Poll Regional Pages Nova Scotia New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Video Latest Video CTV News Live CTV Morning Live CTV News at Five Video Help Shows CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About | Contact Us Contests Advertise with Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Atlantic News | Local Breaking | CTV News Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' The mother of a man found dead last week in Moncton, N.B. is calling for change after what she calls a series of systemic failures led to his body being found in a cold public washroom. Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes A powerful weather front associated with a low centred in northern Quebec will sweep across the Maritimes Wednesday night into Thursday. $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman The Nova Scotia government is offering up to $150,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the disappearance of Devon Sinclair Marsman. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Illness emptying Maritime classrooms In Nova Scotia, the evidence may only be anecdotal, but some parents say they’ve noticed more kids missing from school lately. N.B. reports 6 new COVID-19 deaths, increase in hospitalizations New Brunswick is reporting six new COVID-19-related deaths in its weekly report Tuesday. Prince Edward Island reports 3 new COVID-19 deaths, slight decrease in hospitalizations Prince Edward Island is reporting three new deaths related to COVID-19, according to data released by the province Tuesday. Emergency shelter set to open as a temporary solution in Moncton City of Moncton announced it would be opening a temporary warming shelter for the winter months, but officials say it’s a temporary solution. Budget balancing act: HRM juggles priorities as other cities introduce lower rates As Halifax begins its long budget process, the mayor says he can't guarantee residents won't be paying higher property tax bills next years, but council is determined to limit the hike, and possibly offset some it by reducing the tax rate. Injured P.E.I. eagle ready to move to new home in Nova Scotia When 450 was brought to the Atlantic Veterinary College Wildlife Service in October of last year the eagle was bloody, bruised, and couldn’t stand. New Brunswick has over 1,000 contaminated sites needing cleanup: auditor general New Brunswick's auditor general says the province has a backlog of more than 1,000 contaminated sites dating back 35 years. Copper thieves cut internet, TV, and landline services in Oromocto, N.B. area Bell Aliant says repeated incidents of copper theft are disrupting internet, television, and landline phone connections to New Brunswick customers around Oromocto and Lincoln. Eisner Cove wetlands cleared following several protests to stop development project Cutting and clearing has begun for a major housing development project in Dartmouth that has left many residents unhappy. N.S. lobster season kicks off in one fishing area after one-day delay The lobster season kicked off in one of Nova Scotia's most lucrative fisheries Tuesday morning after a one-day delay. 'This shouldn't have happened again': Renewed calls for immediate plan after another N.B. ER waiting room death New Brunswick’s opposition parties say the provincial government isn’t being open about any immediate plans of reducing ER wait times. Green arms bands will now be worn by young on-ice officials in Nova Scotia Canada has more than 30,000 referees, linesman and other game officials working in hockey. Each year more than 10,000 quit, largely because of verbal abuse. 10-year-old Ontario boy raises money for SickKids with hot chocolate stand Researchers at University of Manitoba find connection between ground squirrels and climate change Top Videos N.S. schools hit hard by illnesses Meetings with Horizon Health underway Some call Moncton shelters temporary solution N.B. reports 6 COVID-19 related deaths Three COVID-19 related deaths reported on P.E.I. N.B. financial outlooks appears to be improving Halifax mayor can't promise lower property tax Family of Max Boudreau speaks out Region sees rash of copper thefts Editor's Picks Dartmouth dog photographer unleashes holiday spirit with festive pet portraits When Cassie Latta-Johnson first started out behind the camera, it took some time to find the right subjects. Roadside delivery: Nova Scotia baby born in family car A Nova Scotia family’s baby delivery story is sure to be shared for many years to come after their baby was born along the side of the road on the way to the hospital. National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation vehicles hit the road for a good cause The Griswold’s and Cousin Eddy have set up camp at Pine Acres RV in Moncton to help collect toys for kids in need this Christmas. Shania Twain announces second show in Moncton Shania Twain has added six new concert dates to her upcoming “Queen of Me” tour, including a second show at the Avenir Centre in Moncton, N.B. 'It was a form of entertainment': 50-year wrestling roots at ATV In the early days of ATV, professional wrestling was staged in what is now the CTV Newsroom. 'When are we going to say enough is enough?': Food banks urge longer-term solutions as holiday rush begins More than 5,300 households have so far reached out to Feed Nova Scotia for help with Christmas, and the agency is seeing an average of 300 new clients every week. Popular exhibit showcasing the life and work of Maud Lewis arrives in Halifax A bright touring exhibit highlighting Nova Scotia's most famous folk artist has landed in Halifax. Why organ donations are declining and how governments are reacting Ontario and Nunavut opted into new legislation by the federal government hoping to increase organ donations as hundreds of patients die while on the waitlist each year. Molly’s holiday mission: Cape Breton girl remembered through hospital Christmas catalogue She's been the face of hospital care for kids in Cape Breton this year, so it’s only fitting that Molly Wadden's likeness is on the cover of the 2022 “Give Where You Live” Christmas catalogue by the Cape Breton Regional Hospital Foundation. CTV Morning Live CTV Morning Live Atlantic for Tuesday, November 29, 2022 News update: Nov. 29, 2022 Weather update: Nov. 29, 2022 Show your support on Giving Tuesday Nachos for dessert A present for every pet Travel beauty essentials CTV Morning Live Atlantic for Monday, November 28, 2022 News update: Nov. 28, 2022 News at 5 Dartmouth dog photographer unleashes holiday spirit with festive pet portraits When Cassie Latta-Johnson first started out behind the camera, it took some time to find the right subjects. Injured P.E.I. eagle ready to move to new home in Nova Scotia When 450 was brought to the Atlantic Veterinary College Wildlife Service in October of last year the eagle was bloody, bruised, and couldn’t stand. Green arms bands will now be worn by young on-ice officials in Nova Scotia Canada has more than 30,000 referees, linesman and other game officials working in hockey. Each year more than 10,000 quit, largely because of verbal abuse. 'When are we going to say enough is enough?': Food banks urge longer-term solutions as holiday rush begins More than 5,300 households have so far reached out to Feed Nova Scotia for help with Christmas, and the agency is seeing an average of 300 new clients every week. National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation vehicles hit the road for a good cause The Griswold’s and Cousin Eddy have set up camp at Pine Acres RV in Moncton to help collect toys for kids in need this Christmas. 'It was a form of entertainment': 50-year wrestling roots at ATV In the early days of ATV, professional wrestling was staged in what is now the CTV Newsroom. Remembering hockey legend Borje Salming The hockey world continues to mourn a Toronto Maple Leafs legend and Swedish pioneer who died this week after battling ALS. Molly’s holiday mission: Cape Breton girl remembered through hospital Christmas catalogue She's been the face of hospital care for kids in Cape Breton this year, so it’s only fitting that Molly Wadden's likeness is on the cover of the 2022 “Give Where You Live” Christmas catalogue by the Cape Breton Regional Hospital Foundation. Featured Events WATCH LIVE CTV Morning Live 7 a.m. CTV News at Noon Noon CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. Healthy Tomorrow Foundation The Amazing Race Movember #SeeDiabetes Dexcom We Are Young Catherine MacLellan Aidaen's Place Barra-MacNeils George Canyon Lennie Gallant Links in the news CTV News On the Go Indo-Pacific strategy a 'U-turn' on Canada-China relations Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Atiba Hutchinson - Canada's captain in Qatar: W5 preview The human cost of Qatar's World Cup stadiums: W5 preview Local Spotlight Strangers rescue peacock from peril on Victoria street After living in his downtown Victoria neighbourhood for more than 30 years, David Ferguson says this was a first. Roadside delivery: Nova Scotia baby born in family car A Nova Scotia family’s baby delivery story is sure to be shared for many years to come after their baby was born along the side of the road on the way to the hospital. Trudeau accepts portrait of his father by London, Ont. artist London artist Eric Drummond said he is honoured Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has accepted a portrait of his late father, former prime minister Pierre Trudeau. The painting was presented to the prime minister by London North Centre MP Peter Fragiskatos last week. 'One to remember': Bright meteor streaks across Manitoba sky Several people in Manitoba got a clear look at a celestial sight Thursday night. A meteor was caught streaking across the sky in the province, with cameras catching it in Winnipeg and other areas north of the city. 'It looks like Poseidon': Ingersoll, Ont. photographer captures spectacular image of face in waves While working along the Lake Erie shoreline last weekend, a photographer from Ingersoll captured something unexpected. 'It took me hours to go through them all but I found a couple I really liked and that one stood out,' said Cody Evans. 'Freedom Convoy 2.0' being planned for February 2023 An organizer of the 'Freedom Convoy' says he's planning a reunion in Ottawa in February. James Bauder, the founder of Canada Unity, a group that called for an end to all vaccine mandates, posted on Facebook calling for a 'Freedom Convoy 2.0' Feb. 17 to 21 in Ottawa. Authorities chase down runaway ostriches in Taber, Alta. It was a strange situation in one southern Alberta community on Thursday where police were called to help wrangle some runaway ostriches. Stay CONNECTED Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act CTV News Political Commentator Scott Reid reacts to Alta. Premier Danielle Smith's proposed Sovereignty within a United Canada Act. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
