https://bc.ctvnews.ca/i-m-at-the-mercy-of-a-failing-health-care-system-b-c-cancer-patient-faces-6-month-wait-for-biopsy-1.6165380
B.C. woman speaks out over biopsy delay | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News B.C. News Weather Sports On Your Side Real Estate News BTS Podcast The Last Word Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Everything Financial Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Sunshine Coast Health Centre CTV Morning Live Cook Off Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg 'I'm at the mercy of a failing health-care system': B.C. cancer patient faces 6-month wait for biopsy Vancouver 'I'm at the mercy of a failing health-care system': B.C. cancer patient faces 6-month wait for biopsy After testing positive for a gene that puts her at high risk for breast cancer, coupled with her family’s medical history, Jannelle Chemko says it’s not a matter of if she’ll get the disease, but when. That’s how the 37-year-old ended up in BC Cancer’s hereditary screening program – which is why she’s in disbelief over the six-month wait she’s facing to get a biopsy for two suspicious spots in her breasts. “If I had known back in August that it was going to be six months, I would have looked into alternative options right away,” said Chemko, three months after her mammogram identified the spots. “Instead I’m at the mercy of a health-care system that’s failing.” On the day of the diagnosis, Chemko says she was told she’d get a biopsy appointment in two to three weeks. Weeks turned into months, until her doctors at the hereditary cancer program called to tell her the earliest appointment available to her was in February. When escalation tactics by both her team at BC Cancer and her family doctor failed, the head of the hereditary cancer program advised her to write a letter to her MLA. “My sister said ‘OK! We’ll email your MLA and anyone else we have to,’” Chemko said, referring to her older sibling, Jana Letain. The pair lost their mother last year at age 59 to breast cancer, and their grandmother died of the same disease when she was 53 years old. “My mom would be devastated to know she went through this a year ago and now my sister may be going through the journey but she can’t get the testing done to know if we should be worried about anything at this point,” says Letain. After writing a letter to West Vancouver-Capilano MLA Karin Kirkpatrick, Health Minister Adrian Dix and B.C. Premier David Eby, Letain has only received one reply. Having survived breast cancer herself, Kirkpatrick says she’ll do whatever it takes to help Chemko while acknowledging there’s only three sitting days left in the B.C. legislature this year. “Hopefully we’ll be able to have that conversation and if not in the house then certainly directly with the health minister so we can help this young woman and other women in the same position as she is,” Kirkpatrick said. In September, radiologists across B.C. penned a letter to Dix, calling for urgent action to address long waits for life-saving medical imaging. Since then, the president of BC Radiological Society tells CTV News that the group has met with Dix to advocate for patients and propose solutions. Proposed fixes include recruiting, training and retaining radiologists who specialize in breast imagining and expanding the supply of breast biopsies. “Timely access to medical imaging saves lives,” said Dr. Dr. Charlotte Yong-Hing, adding, “the anxiety associated with waiting for medical imaging can also have adverse effects on mental health, which should not be underestimated.” At this point, Chemko says she’ll do anything to be proactive to stay healthy for her two kids, who are ages one and three. That includes seeking costly treatment from a special clinic north of Seattle, which has offered her a biopsy next week, paperwork pending. “My mom’s mom passed away when I was three weeks old, and my mom died when I was nine months pregnant. She never met my son, and I want it to stop here,” said a teary Chemko. CTV News has reached out to the provincial Health Ministry, which says it is reviewing Chemko’s story and preparing a response. Vancouver Top Stories Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Majority of Canadians support legal protections for abortion, survey finds Reminder: Failing to shovel snow can lead to hefty fines in Metro Vancouver BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather BC Ferries has cancelled eight sailings between Vancouver and Victoria on Tuesday due to "adverse weather." The cancelled sailings come as much of coastal B.C. endures a winter storm. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow A semi-truck got stuck on the Malahat highway on Tuesday afternoon amid heavy snowfall in the region. Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Calgary police are investigating after a man was shot in the city’s southeast on Tuesday. Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency At least two earthquakes were reported in northern Alberta Tuesday evening, with some saying the shakes were felt in Edmonton. Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Two people are in critical condition following a shooting in Scarborough Tuesday evening. Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Complaints of trash illegally dumped on Toronto streets have doubled as city enforcement has plummeted -- a recipe, some residents say, for smelly and unsightly garbage to litter neighbourhoods. Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 The City of Montreal announced an average tax rate increase of 4.1 per cent for residential properties in the city centre on Tuesday. It will be the highest tax increase since 2010. Residential property taxes collected by the city centre will go up an average of 4.1 per cent in 2023. Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Concerned about the decline of French in Quebec, particularly in Montreal, Premier François Legault says he will release more details of a plan that would require 100 per cent of economic immigrants to be French-speaking. Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal A 64-year-old man has died after his helicopter crashed in a field in Lefebvre, Que. Tuesday afternoon. Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity A local business owner is being hailed as a quiet philanthropist after donating a gift to the Winnipeg Foundation valued at about $500 million, the largest individual gift ever made to a Canadian charity. Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines Some Winnipeggers are undeterred by the possibility of fines for shovelling bike lanes. 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head The Manitoba Underdogs Rescue is calling on the public for help to save a dog that was found with severe injuries to his head and face. Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon city council landed on a 3.93 per cent property tax hike for 2023. Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns Mandy Thibodeau is worried about the safety of her employees at the Subway on 22nd Street and 2nd Avenue in downtown Saskatoon. City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA The Saskatoon SPCA wants the city to cover the costs an animal faces when going from pound to shelter. Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Business operations are winding down at Saskatchewan government liquor stores as the remaining 34 locations will close their doors in the new year. Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Saskatchewan is forecasting a $1.1 billion surplus for 2022-23 in its mid-year financial report released on Tuesday. Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Regina city councillor Dan LeBlanc showed up to the Court at King's Bench Tuesday morning to set a date to make his case against the city's manager. Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' The mother of a man found dead last week in Moncton, N.B. is calling for change after what she calls a series of systemic failures led to his body being found in a cold public washroom. Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes A powerful weather front associated with a low centred in northern Quebec will sweep across the Maritimes Wednesday night into Thursday. $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman The Nova Scotia government is offering up to $150,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the disappearance of Devon Sinclair Marsman. London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Members of the London Police Service continue to investigate after a three-vehicle crash in south London sent two people to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries Tuesday night. Wellington Road between Commissioners Road East and Southdale Road East has since been reopened. Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Following a vote from the Thames Valley District School Board, a motion to move forward with name changes for Sir John A. Macdonald Public School and F.D. Roosevelt Public School passed on Tuesday night. Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect London, Ont.’s Western University will be dropping its COVID-19 vaccination policy, the university announced Tuesday afternoon. Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV A Sudbury family is sharing their story after their son spent a week in the hospital with respiratory syncytial virus. Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting A large female coyote has been captured on video patrolling a street in the Greater Sudbury area and here is what you should know. Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Three years ago, during a moment of suffering from post-traumatic stress, Dre crashed her car into some trees on Municipal Road between Timmins and Iroquois Falls. Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Region of Waterloo staff say sweeping new provincial housing legislation will cost the region and its seven municipalities an estimated $530 million over the next 10 years, and taxpayers could be on the hook to make up the difference. Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified A victim has been identified after a multi-day investigation in Brant County that began as a suspicious death before being ruled a homicide. Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home St. James Catholic High School construction teacher, Jerry Della Savia, says he thought it was the perfect opportunity to take skills learned during class and have students apply them in a valuable way in the community. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
