https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/10628323
BBC News Alerts - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future More menu More menu Search BBC Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home War in Ukraine Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech More Science Stories Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads BBC News Alerts Published 31 March 2017 Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing This page explains how the BBC can keep you in touch with the latest news. We offer a daily email and Breaking News alerts via the News website, the News App and Twitter. Subscribe to our email newsletter Sign up here to receive BBC News Daily which is published each weekday morning. You'll receive a digest of the day's top news stories and features from BBC News and some of the best writing from elsewhere on the internet. Breaking News alerts on the News website Whenever you come to the BBC News website on a tablet or computer, you'll get notified of the latest breaking news in the 'breaking news banner' which automatically appears at the bottom of your browser window. The banner will disappear when you click on it, dismiss it or visit another page. Add BBC Breaking News alerts to your News app Push notifications are available to users of smartphones and tablets who download the BBC News App, allowing you to receive breaking news alerts. When a push notification is received it will pop up on your screen similar to a text message, regardless of whether or not the app is open at the time. Depending on your settings the alert may also be accompanied by a sound. Tapping the notification will load the corresponding story in the app when it is available. Full details on how push alerts work are available for iPhone and iPads and Android. You can choose to unsubscribe from push notifications from BBC News in your device's 'Notifications' screen. Subscribe to Twitter alerts On Twitter, we offer a breaking news account which you can follow and receive breaking news alerts as they happen. To subscribe login or register with Twitter and then follow @BBCBreaking. Top Stories Alzheimer's drug hailed as momentous breakthrough Published 1 hour ago Oath Keepers founder guilty of US sedition Published 1 hour ago ‘How I escaped my father’s militia’ Features ‘How I escaped my father’s militia’ Pulisic winner sends USA through as Iran go out Ros Atkins on... China's protest crackdown. VideoRos Atkins on... China's protest crackdown Germans wary of new influx of Ukrainian refugees 'A poignant moment for true exciting talent Rashford' A 200km ride along Ireland's peat bogs Philippines sees a pandemic boom in child sex abuse The airbase that became a symbol of Russian defeat Elon Musk set to become top influencer on Twitter Elsewhere on the BBC Is this the greatest taboo of all? 'I regret the role, not my daughter' Artemis I: The giant rocket setting new records Most Read 1 Alzheimer's drug hailed as momentous breakthrough 2 Talking to Russians on Ukraine's surrender hotline 3 Oath Keepers founder guilty of US sedition 4 ‘How I escaped my father’s militia’ 5 Ex-Australia PM's secrecy prompts historic censure 6 Family reunited by DNA 51 years after kidnapping 7 Jailed Belarus protest leader 'in intensive care' 8 Outback Wrangler charged over fatal chopper crash 9 Nato pledges Ukraine arms and power grid support 10 US Senate passes bill to protect same-sex marriage BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info © 2022 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
