https://www.bce.ca/Accessibility_services?brand=CTVNEWS
BCE accessibility Skip to main content Français Home Home Home About BCE BCE overview Our strategy Leadership team Executives Board members Board committees Governance Our history Overview Timelines Bell Ventures Overview Portfolio News Team Contact us Awards and recognition Investors Overview Invest in BCE Shares and dividends Financial reports Quarterly Annual Archives Events Shareholder info Administrative aspects DRP Corporate actions Calculate your cost Tax aspects Request documents Bonds Bell Canada Bell Aliant Bell MTS BCE Sustainable Financing Framework Credit ratings News and media News releases Media relations Media library Logos Images Videos Responsibility Overview Who we are Structure Highlights Our approach About our report Key metrics Priorities Team members Customers Community and society Economy Environment Key documents Responsible investments Learn more Bell for Better Bell Let's Talk Français BCE accessibility BCE accessibility BCE accessibility The BCE family of companies (the Companies)1 is committed to identifying and removing barriers to accessibility. We are also committed to the principles set out in the Accessible Canada Act (the Act)2. To provide accessibility feedback pursuant to the Act, or to request a description of our accessibility feedback process in an alternate format, we recommend that you use our accessibility feedback online form. You can also contact us in any of the following ways. Give us feedback You can submit your feedback anonymously. However, we may be able to better serve you if you provide your name, phone number, province and the company/brand of reference. This information will not be shared with any third party. By contacting us, you agree to the collection, use and storage of your personal information provided to us for the purposes of responding to you and improving our services. The designated person responsible for receiving accessibility feedback is Faye Katsaros (VP, Customer Operations, Care). Descriptions of our accessibility feedback process are available in the following alternate formats: print, large print, braille, audio format, electronic format, or other agreed-upon formats. In accordance with the Act, we will publish an Accessibility Plan on or before June 1, 2023. Provide your feedback through our accessibility feedback form Complete online form Provide your feedback by email Email us at accessible.feedback@bce.ca Provide your feedback by phone Call us at 1 866 313-1092 Contact us using TTY at 1 800 268-9242 On this Accessibility page, the words "we", “us", “our" and "Companies" refer to the BCE family of companies and brands as they exist over time, as well as any successor companies as a result of corporate reorganizations or restructurings, to the extent that those companies and brands are subject to the requirements of the Accessible Canada Act (S.C. 2019, c. 10) and its regulations (together as the “Act”). Those companies and brands may include, but are not limited to: Agincourt Productions Inc., Axia Fibrenet, Ballecourbe, BarDown, Bell ExpressVu LP (Bell TV), Bell Media, Bell Media Radio Atlantique Inc., Bell Media Regional Radio Partnership, Bell Media Studios Inc., Bell Mobility, Bell Mobility Holdings Inc., Bell MTS, Bell Satellite Relay Distribution, Bell Wholesale Services, Bell Wireless Alliance Services Inc., BCE Global, Bimcor Inc., BNN Bloomberg, CABLEVISION, Cablevision du Nord, canal-d, canal-investigation, canal-vie, CFTK TV, CJDC TV, CP24, Crave, HBO CTV, CTVNEWS, CTV Specialty Sports Holding Inc., CTV Specialty Television Enterprises Inc., CTV Specialty Television Inc., DMTS, EBOX, ESPN Classic, Exploration Distribution Inc., Expertech, Exploration Production Inc., Feature Publishing Ltd., KMTS, Le Réseau des Sports (RDS) Inc., Les Éditions Musicales L.M.S. Limitée, Les Éditions Studio V Inc., Les Studios Telson Inc., Maskatel, NorthernTel, Northwestel Inc., noovo, noovo info, noovo moi, Ontera, ORBYT, RDS, Solo Mobile, The Sports Network Inc., Telebec, TSN, VOX, VRAK, Xittel telecommunication and Z. The Accessible Canada Act (S.C. 2019, c. 10) and its Regulations together are referred to as the “Act”. Skip to main content BCE BCE accessibility Contact us Bell.ca BCE news alerts Bell Media Request documents Bell Let’s Talk Regulatory Jobs@Bell Corporate Secretary corporate.secretariat@bell.ca Investor Relations investor.relations@bell.ca Media Relations mediarelations@bell.ca Corporate Responsibility esg@bell.ca Legal notice Privacy Security Site map Accessibility © BCE Inc 2022, All rights reserved. Jump to date Back to top Loading data, please wait...
