https://calgary.ctvnews.ca/
Calgary News | Local Breaking | CTV News Calgary Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Calgary Close CALGARY Search Search CTV Calgary Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Lethbridge Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Calgary News | Local Breaking | CTV News Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Calgary police are investigating after a man was shot in the city’s southeast on Tuesday. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency At least two earthquakes were reported in northern Alberta Tuesday evening, with some saying the shakes were felt in Edmonton. 'Have to ride this out': Illnesses continues to affect school attendance The Calgary Board of Education said Monday that more than 10,000 of its students were out of class with some sort of illness. Calgary Transit to test model of Green Line's new light rail vehicle City officials are sharing details of a new vehicle that will ride the rails of Calgary's new Green Line. K-Country specialists offer hours, eyes, well-educated guesses to help keep you alive through avalanche season Public safety specialists in Kananaskis Country keep constant watch of snow conditions. 'Couldn’t believe it': Calgary trio celebrates $1M Lotto 6-49 win Three family members from Calgary are the winners of a $1-million lottery prize. WestJet cancels dozens of B.C. flights due to risk of bad weather B.C. residents are expected to be hit by a massive snowstorm in the coming days and a Calgary-based airline is preemptively cancelling dozens of flights as a result. Puppies return to Bow Valley College to comfort stressed students A number of furry friends visited Calgary's Bow Valley College on Tuesday in an effort to comfort stressed-out students. Tkachuk returns to Calgary: How will Flames fans react? Matthew Tkachuk makes his much-anticipated return to the Scotiabank Saddledome on Tuesday night. Lethbridge council votes to approve four-year operating budget, 5.1 per cent tax increase Lethbridge council has voted unanimously to approve the 2023-26 operating budget. That means residents will see a 5.1 per cent increase for each of the next four years. Calgary police place bright 'drive safe' decals on photo radar vehicles The Calgary Police Service's photo radar vehicles will be hard to miss on city streets as high-visibility decals are being added to the fleet. Calgarian charged after $5.3M worth of cocaine seized at Coutts border crossing A 25-year-old Calgary man has been charged after border services agents found 53 kilograms of cocaine concealed in a produce shipment. Suspect with 48 warrants caught trying to steal vehicle at Cochrane gas station: RCMP A 37-year-old Calgary man, wanted on 48 outstanding warrants, was arrested following an RCMP investigation into the attempted theft of a vehicle at a gas station in Cochrane. Critics say Smith is bullying businesses over COVID-19 policies Premier Danielle Smith says she is glad to see many employers and businesses who are changing their protocols on vaccination but critics are suggesting these changes are being made because of "harassment and threats." B.C. man arrested in connection with indecent act at hotel pool in Airdrie A 65-year-old man from Mission, B.C. was arrested during a recent traffic stop in Airdrie after officers determined he was the suspect in an indecent act that took place at a local hotel in the spring. Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Top Videos Now we know what the Sovereignty Act looks like Our children are not quite out of the woods yet Blast of wintry weather cancels Calgary flights Constant work to keep avalanche info up to date Familiar faces take to Calgary Flames ice again Calgary due a rough 8 centimetres of white stuff Smith government sets its course RCMP badge stolen during break-in Tkachuk to return to the Saddledome Cold temperatures expected for a while Smith campaign promises absent at legislature Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Editor's Picks 'Couldn’t believe it': Calgary trio celebrates $1M Lotto 6-49 win Three family members from Calgary are the winners of a $1-million lottery prize. K-Country specialists offer hours, eyes, well-educated guesses to help keep you alive through avalanche season Public safety specialists in Kananaskis Country keep constant watch of snow conditions. Puppies return to Bow Valley College to comfort stressed students A number of furry friends visited Calgary's Bow Valley College on Tuesday in an effort to comfort stressed-out students. Calgary Transit to test model of Green Line's new light rail vehicle City officials are sharing details of a new vehicle that will ride the rails of Calgary's new Green Line. Calgary police place bright 'drive safe' decals on photo radar vehicles The Calgary Police Service's photo radar vehicles will be hard to miss on city streets as high-visibility decals are being added to the fleet. CTV News Lethbridge Why the Lethbridge Housing Association wants a pair of its properties rezoned The Lethbridge Housing Association is pushing for zoning changes that would allow the organization to offer 24-hour service at two of its properties. Lethbridge council votes to approve four-year operating budget, 5.1 per cent tax increase Lethbridge council has voted unanimously to approve the 2023-26 operating budget. That means residents will see a 5.1 per cent increase for each of the next four years. Calgarian charged after $5.3M worth of cocaine seized at Coutts border crossing A 25-year-old Calgary man has been charged after border services agents found 53 kilograms of cocaine concealed in a produce shipment. NDP MLA files lawsuit against Lethbridge Police Service The Lethbridge Police Service is being sued by an NDP MLA over claims that her Charter rights were violated. Lethbridge opens 2 new laboratories as Chinook hospital lab changes focus The change is part of a transition of lab services in the province from Alberta Precision Laboratories to DynaLIFE Medical Laboratories. WATCH LIVE CTV Morning Live 5:30 a.m. CTV News at Noon Noon CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. Across Canada Strangers rescue peacock from peril on Victoria street Roadside delivery: Nova Scotia baby born in family car Trudeau accepts portrait of his father by London, Ont. artist 'One to remember': Bright meteor streaks across Manitoba sky 'It looks like Poseidon': Ingersoll, Ont. photographer captures spectacular image of face in waves What's Trending Getting air + Half court hero + Surprise bid All for one + Nothing but net + Made up mom Plank time + On the mark Turkey loaf + Bigger than you think + Holiday wrapping Kitchen skills + Starting lineup + Letting loose, Geno style Bath time + Help with the chores + Dog on duty CTV News On the Go Indo-Pacific strategy a 'U-turn' on Canada-China relations Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Atiba Hutchinson - Canada's captain in Qatar: W5 preview The human cost of Qatar's World Cup stadiums: W5 preview Masterpieces stolen in a brazen Montreal heist: W5 preview Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw Stay Connected CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Listen Live CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act CTV News Political Commentator Scott Reid reacts to Alta. Premier Danielle Smith's proposed Sovereignty within a United Canada Act. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
