https://www.ctvnews.ca/sports/cameroon-goalkeeper-andre-onana-sent-home-from-world-cup-1.6173182
Cameroon goalkeeper Onana leaves World Cup 2022 | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup Andre Onana (Cameroon) looks on during the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022 Group G match between Switzerland and Cameroon at Al Janoub Stadium on Nov. 24, 2022 in Al Wakrah, Qatar. (Photo by Ulrik Pedersen/DeFodi Images via Getty Images) AL RAYYAN, QATAR - Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana was sent home from the World Cup on Tuesday for disciplinary reasons after a dispute with coach Rigobert Song. The Inter Milan goalkeeper was "temporarily suspended" from the team, the Cameroon soccer federation said in a statement, and the suspension would cover the rest of the tournament in Qatar. The federation said it had booked Onana a flight back to Milan. Onana had already been spotted earlier Tuesday at the airport in Doha. Onana also released a statement referring to his disagreement with Song over team tactics that led to him being dropped for Cameroon's 3-3 draw with Serbia on Monday. Onana said he had tried to resolve the issues in a bid to stay at the World Cup. "I have put all my efforts and energy into finding solutions to a situation that a footballer often experiences, but there has been no will on the other side," Onana said. "Some moments are difficult to assimilate." Onana said he respected the decisions "of the people in charge." Onana had played in Cameroon's opening game at the World Cup, a 1-0 loss to Switzerland, but was dropped for the Serbia game and didn't travel with the rest of the squad to Al Janoub Stadium. Cameroon fought back from 3-1 down to draw 3-3 without its No. 1 goalkeeper. Song said it was a risk to play with reserve goalkeeper Devis Epassy but insisted he had to take "strong action" against the 26-year-old Onana, one of Cameroon's best players. "If you can't fit in with what's required to be part of a squad then I do think that you need to step up to the plate and accept responsibility for that because the team, the squad, is more important than the interests of any individual," Song said Monday after the Serbia game without going into details of his disagreement with Onana. Song said he needed all his players to "show discipline and respect." In his statement, Onana said he was disappointed that he was "not allowed" to be with the team at the Serbia game and denied that he had broken any squad disciplinary rules. "I always behaved in a way to lead the team to success in a good manner," Onana said. Cameroon still has a chance of qualifying for the last 16 at the World Cup but needs to beat top-ranked Brazil in its final Group G game and hope that the result of the Switzerland-Serbia match goes in its favor. Song is a former captain of Cameroon who was appointed coach in February in a surprise to some after Toni Conceicao guided the team to third place at this year's African Cup of Nations and only missed reaching the final in a penalty shootout loss to Egypt. The president of the Cameroon soccer federation is Samuel Eto'o, a former teammate of Song on the national team. MORE SPORTS NEWS Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Qatar says worker deaths for World Cup 'between 400 and 500' Protester with rainbow flag banned from World Cup matches Tiger Woods withdraws from his tournament with foot injury Noteworthy moments and political statements made so far at World Cup Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
