https://www.ctvnews.ca/business/economists-see-underlying-signs-of-weakening-in-third-quarter-gdp-numbers-1.6172957
Canada economy grew in third quarter | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Business Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers OTTAWA - Canada saw stronger than expected economic growth in the third quarter, but economists warn the underlying numbers don't paint such a positive picture. Statistics Canada said Tuesday the economy grew at an annualized rate of 2.9 per cent between July and September. That compares with 3.2 per cent growth in the second quarter. Although the headline growth rate is significantly stronger than forecasters had anticipated, the fall in consumer spending suggests higher interest rates are beginning to affect the economy more broadly. "Sometimes the headline numbers look one way and the rest is quite a bit different," said Karyne Charbonneau, CIBC's director of economics. Household spending fell for the first time since the second quarter of 2021, edging down 0.3 per cent. Charbonneau said higher interest rates force consumers to pull back on spending as mortgage costs rise. At the same time, consumers shy away from expenses that are financed through credit and therefore incur interest charges, she said. Overall, economic growth was led by an increase in exports, non-residential structures and business investment in inventories. The rise in exports was driven by an increase in crude oil and bitumen exports, though at lower prices. Growth in those areas was moderated by declines in housing investment and household spending. The economy is widely expected to slow down more noticeably in the fourth quarter in response to rising interest rates. Since March, the Bank of Canada has raised interest rates six consecutive times, rapidly bringing its key rate up to 3.75 per cent. The rate hikes were first felt in the housing market, which cooled dramatically as mortgage costs climbed. With time, economists expect these rate hikes to affect spending in more parts of the economy. Statistics Canada's preliminary estimate for October provides a glimpse of what can be expected in the fourth quarter, which suggests the economy stayed flat during the month. Another sign the economy is slowing is the accumulation of inventories by businesses in the third quarter, despite inventories contributing positively to real gross domestic product. Statistics Canada said this marked the second consecutive quarter of large inventory accumulation. RBC assistant chief economist Nathan Janzen said the pile up of inventories could be indicating that businesses are struggling to sell their products. "Consumer demand was actually slowing, particularly for physical merchandise. So at least some of that inventory build may have been unwanted (products)," Janzen said. As demand weakens, businesses will likely restock their shelves with those inventories rather than put in new orders, he added. Both economists noted the underlying weakness in the quarterly GDP data is exactly what the Bank of Canada wants to see. "I don't think they'll be too disappointed to see slower consumer spending because that's strong consumer spending has been what's fueling inflation," Janzen said. Next week, the central bank is expected to raise interest rates again as it nears the end of one of the fastest monetary policy tightening cycles in its history. Forecasters are split on whether the Bank of Canada will opt for a quarter or half percentage point rate hike. The Bank of Canada will announce its next interest rate decision on Dec. 7. On a quarterly basis, real GDP in the third quarter increased by 0.7 per cent, beating out the federal agency's preliminary estimate for growth, which was 0.4 per cent. Monthly real GDP data shows the economy grew by 0.1 per cent in September, with the increase in real GDP driven by goods-producing industries. Tuesday's quarterly GDP report also provides insight on how Canadians' wages changed. On a quarterly basis, nominal compensation for employees rose 1.2 per cent, which marks the slowest growth in compensation since the second quarter of 2020. At the same time, household saving rates increased from 5.1 per cent in the second quarter to 5.7 per cent in the third quarter. For comparison, the savings rate in the third quarter of 2019 was 2.5 per cent. The federal agency notes saving rates tend to be higher for higher income earners. This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 29, 2022. MORE Business News Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history Qatar to supply liquefied natural gas to Germany from 2026 Competitors chip away at Tesla's U.S. electric vehicle share Canadian home prices expected to fall 3.3 per cent in 2023: Re/Max report 75 per cent of U.S. owners of Cdn. rec properties bought after foreign buyer ban: survey YOUR FINANCES Gap year popularity rises with students, COVID-19 lockdowns and costs factors With the 2023 post-secondary education application deadlines approaching, many students across Canada are looking for alternatives to university and college, leaving parents anxious taking a ‘gap year’ could mean they never return to school. opinion opinion | 6 tips to achieve financial independence in Canada Wouldn't it be nice to never have to work again? While this may sound like a dream to many, it is entirely possible. CTVNews.ca personal finance contributor Christopher Liew shares a handful of helpful tips on how to potentially achieve financial independence. Some recent homebuyers will find rate hikes painful as mortgages go up: BoC Recent homebuyers with variable-rate mortgages will find the adjustment to higher interest rates more painful, said Bank of Canada senior deputy governor Carolyn Rogers. Tips for a first-time car buyer with a stretched budget Buying your first car can be as exciting as it is daunting. Whether you’re buying a car off the lot from a dealership or purchasing a car in a private sale, contributor Christopher Liew shares in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca a few basic tips that you should always keep in mind. 'Last year's storm was just the beginning': Food banks have record-breaking visits in 2022 In March 2022 alone, food banks across Canada had 1.5 million visits, a 15 per cent increase from the year prior and the highest recorded usage on record. opinion opinion | Should you cancel an old credit card that you don't use anymore? Many Canadians have one or two old credit cards that they no longer use. Before you jump to close your old, unused credit card, CTVNews.ca contributor Christopher Liew outlines some of the pros and cons of closing a credit card account, so you can make the most informed decision. A quarter of Canadians have stockpiled food in the last month as grocery prices climb: Nanos survey Canadians are buying less expensive food, stockpiling food and even eating less to cope with food prices as inflation soars, according to a new survey. What do senior citizens need to do to age in place? Most Canadian seniors would prefer to stay in their homes for as long as possible, what is referred to as aging in place, rather than in an assisted living facility, according to recent studies that have come out this year. Personal finance contributor Christopher Liew shares some practical tips on how to age in place, so you can continue living life on your terms. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
