https://www.cbc.ca/frontburner
CBC Radio - Frontburner Content Skip to Main ContentAccessibility Help Menu When search suggestions are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.Search Search Sign In Quick Links News Sports Radio Music Listen Live TV Watch radio CBC Radio Top Stories Shows Podcasts Schedules Frequency Listen Live More CBC Radio - Frontburner Loaded CBC Radio - Frontburner Currently Selected: Home About Contact Podcast More Latest Front Burner Why critics say Doug Ford's housing plan is the wrong vision for a growing province Why critics think Ontario Premier Doug Ford’s push for 1.5 million new homes could cause environmental damage and slam financially troubled cities. Front Burner |November 29 FRONT BURNER Breaking down the final arguments of the Emergencies Act inquiry After six weeks, testimony at the Emergencies Act inquiry wrapped with the Prime Minister in the hot seat. So was the government justified in using the Emergencies Act last winter? We sort through the final arguments in today’s episode. Front Burner |November 28 Can persuasion bridge the political divide? A conversation with writer Anand Giridharadas on the idea at the heart of his new book, The Persuaders. Front Burner |November 25 FRONT BURNER Big plans and controversies: Alberta's Danielle Smith charts a path Danielle Smith has been premier of Alberta for about six weeks, and a clearer picture is emerging of how she intends to lead the province — all while she continues to deal with controversial statements both during her time as premier and as a media personality. Front Burner |November 24 Canada and China, in the spotlight and shadows After a public confrontation during the G20 summit, we look at how China is accused of secretly meddling in Canada — including alleged espionage and election interference. Front Burner |November 23 FRONT BURNER 'Signs of collapse' and ways to fix health care The Canadian health-care system is reaching a breaking point. Today on Front Burner, we talk with Dr. Brian Goldman about the biggest issues and possible solutions. Front Burner |November 21 World Cup 101: The stars, underdogs and favourites We’re covering the World Cup basics as Canada returns to the tournament after a 36-year absence. Front Burner |November 18 FRONT BURNER Mental illness and assisted death: a front-line doctor's fears Medical assistance in dying (MAID) in Canada is soon expanding to include people with mental illness as a sole condition. We hear from a psychiatrist and MAID provider who says doctors aren’t ready and there’s not enough oversight in the system to protect vulnerable people. Front Burner |November 17 Front Burner The impact of 8 billion people on the planet As the human species reaches eight billion, we’re all sharing a planet with a limited capacity to support the level of consumption enjoyed in many of the more affluent countries. Front Burner |November 16 Front Burner The collapse of the 'Crypto King' How a cryptocurrency exchange promoted by Tom Brady and Larry David collapsed — and why its billionaire founder is now effectively worth nothing. Front Burner |November 15 FRONT BURNER Chelsea Manning, in her own words Monday on Front Burner, an interview with whistleblower Chelsea Manning, the former U.S. intelligence analyst responsible for the largest and among the most explosive leaks of classified records in American history. Front Burner |November 14 Do the midterm results spell trouble for Donald Trump? The U.S. midterm elections may be over, but the votes are still being counted. CBC’s Alex Panetta takes us through the results so far and what they mean for the Republican party and the man who looms large over it, Donald Trump. Front Burner |November 11 FRONT BURNER Qatar and a World Cup controversy From human rights abuses to same-sex discrimination, why the upcoming World Cup in Qatar is so controversial. Front Burner |November 10 FRONT BURNER Is the notwithstanding clause being abused? Today on Front Burner, TVO’s John Michael McGrath explains the notwithstanding clause and why some are saying it’s being abused by premiers in Ontario and Quebec. Front Burner |November 9 Front Burner What's sending more kids to the hospital? Why hospitals across Canada are reporting a surge in sick kids, and what parents can do amid a shortage of some drugs. Front Burner |November 8 FRONT BURNER As COP27 begins, a new picture of our climate future emerges Climate journalist David Wallace-Wells on the good news and the bad news about where the world is headed with global warming. Trust us, there’s actually good reason for (at least some) optimism. Front Burner |November 7 FRONT BURNER The convoy protesters take the stand Today on Front Burner, the latest on the Emergencies Act inquiry, where convoy organizers are answering questions about the origins and finances of the protest, its relationship with law enforcement members, and the divisions within the movement. Front Burner |November 4 FRONT BURNER A high-stakes labour fight in Ontario Why experts say the showdown between Doug Ford’s Ontario government and CUPE education workers could set a precedent for labour disputes, and the right to strike, across Canada. Front Burner |November 3 FRONT BURNER How the midterms could shape U.S. politics for years The U.S. midterm elections are next week: CBC’s Paul Hunter takes a look at a few of the tight races, and what’s at stake. Front Burner |November 2 Front Burner Elon Musk owns Twitter. Now what? Elon Musk’s first days as “Chief Twit” of Twitter have already seen top-level firings and a muddying of his “free speech absolutist” ethos – so what’s to come for the platform? Front Burner |November 1 FRONT BURNER Lessons from the Cuban missile crisis Sixty years ago, the Cuban missile crisis brought the world the closest it’s ever been to a full-scale nuclear war. As tensions ramp up between the U.S. and Russia, what lessons might that previous conflict hold? Front Burner |October 31 Front Burner Kanye West's words and consequences The cultural juggernaut is facing huge financial consequences after numerous anti-semetic statements, and years of controversy, but his cultural influence looms large. Front Burner |October 28 Front Burner 'A slow death:' Haitians face mounting crisis Haiti’s unpopular government calls for foreign intervention as hunger and cholera worsen, and amid inflation and the gang takeover of a critical fuel terminal. Front Burner |October 27 FRONT BURNER The problem of unelected leaders The U.K., Alberta, B.C. and Manitoba all have leaders the general population didn’t vote for. Is that a problem? And how do you fix it? Front Burner |October 26 FRONT BURNER The fate of the Amazon at stake as Brazil votes Today on Front Burner, CBC’s Susan Ormiston reports on what's at stake for the Amazon in Brazil’s upcoming presidential election, and why climate activists say the rainforest won’t survive another Jair Bolsonaro term. Front Burner |October 25Load More Follow CBC Front Burner Listen to CBC Front Burner on Podcast Follow CBC Front Burner on Twitter Footer Links My Account Profile CBC Gem Newsletters About CBC Membership Connect with CBC Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile RSS Podcasts Contact CBC Submit Feedback Help Centre Audience Relations, CBC P.O. Box 500 Station A Toronto, ON Canada, M5W 1E6 Toll-free (Canada only): 1-866-306-4636 About CBC Corporate Info Sitemap Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Jobs Our Unions Independent Producers Political Ads Registry AdChoices Services Ombudsman Corrections and Clarifications Public Appearances Commercial Services CBC Shop Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities Radio Canada International Accessibility It is a priority for CBC to create a website that is accessible to all Canadians including people with visual, hearing, motor and cognitive challenges. Closed Captioning and Described Video is available for many CBC shows offered on CBC Gem. About CBC Accessibility Accessibility Feedback ©2022 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved. Visitez Radio-Canada.ca now
