https://support.bell.ca/Billing-and-Accounts/Security_and_privacy/How_does_Bell_respect_my_privacy
Commitment to privacy Skip to main content Personal Opens in new tab SMALL & MEDIUM BUSINESS Opens in new tab LARGE BUSINESS Opens in new tab Bell for Better Opens in new tab Bell email Find a store Find a storeFind a store near you Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Push-to-talk Find stores Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Select province : Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon français Home Home Home Stores Find a store Book an appointment Shop Mobility Why Bell Our network Devices Bring your own device Plans Prepaid Accessories Connected things Cyber Monday Travel Internet Internet Why Bell Packages Wi-Fi Fibre Features Promotions Rural Internet Why Bell Packages Wi-Fi Bundles Popular bundles Build your own Promotions TV Fibe TV Why Bell Packages Equipment Promotions Fibe TV app Why Bell Packages Equipment Bell Satellite TV Why Bell Packages Equipment What's on Live On demand Premium entertainment Crave Free previews Smart Home Why Bell Packages Devices Home phone Packages Long distance Features Promotions Support Support overview Billing & Accounts MyBell support Billing Policies Security and privacy Glossary Mobility Overview Using my device Rate plans, add-ons and entertainment Prepaid Network, coverage and travel Repairs & warranties Self-serve options Troubleshooting tools and help TV Fibe TV Overview Receivers & remotes Channels and programming Pay-per-view Self-serve options Troubleshooting tools and help Fibe TV app Overview Devices Self-serve options Troubleshooting tools and help Bell Satellite TV Overview Receivers & remotes Channels and programming Pay-per-view and On Demand Self-serve options Troubleshooting tools and help Internet Overview Modem and Wi-Fi Bell email Internet security Internet usage Troubleshooting tools and help Home phone Overview Phone line Long distance and calling cards Calling features Self-serve options Troubleshooting tools and help Smart Home MyBell My services My bills My profile Business SMALL & MEDIUM BUSINESS LARGE BUSINESS Bell for Better Log in / Register Shopping Cart 0 items 0 Bell email AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT ON FR Select this button, then dictate your search. Results will be displayed automatically. Reset search terms Close Dictate your search Log in / Register Shopping cart 0 item Home Log in / Register (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Log in to MyBell Register for MyBell change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon We value your privacy At Bell, we value the trust you place in us when sharing your personal information. We make every effort to be transparent about what information we collect, why we collect it, what we do with it and with whom we might share it. This is our commitment to you: We commit to being accountable to you for how we collect, use and disclose your personal information. We will inform you of the ways your personal information is being collected, used or disclosed. We may do this through our Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use or our websites. We only collect, use or disclose your personal information if we have your consent, or in circumstances where your consent isn’t necessary (such as an emergency situation). We only collect your personal information in fair and legal ways. We limit our collection of your personal information to the purposes identified in advance to you. We use or disclose your personal information for the reasons it is collected, when it is otherwise allowed, or as required by law. We keep the information only as long as we need to, or as required by law. We correct your personal information when you inform us of mistakes or let us know updates are required. We do our best to keep your personal information safe, and ensure we use appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. If we transfer your personal information to our suppliers we ensure your information is appropriately protected. We make information available to you about our information management policies and practices. We will provide you with access to the personal information we hold about you upon written request, unless restricted by law. We are here to listen, and to help. If you have concerns, please contact us at privacy@bell.ca . We’ve updated our Privacy Policy, effective August 2, 2021. Download the Privacy Policy The updated policy includes the following clarifications: How your information may be used by third parties acting on our behalf, including for operational purposes and marketing campaigns. That your personal information may be collected, used or disclosed to prevent, detect or suppress fraud, protect your account and secure our network. When your information may be disclosed to third-party smart home voice command integration providers, should you choose to sign up for such services. View the previous version of our Privacy Policy (PDF 435 KB) View the previous version of our Privacy Policy applicable to Bell Smart Home and Bell Business Security and Automation (PDF 558 KB) Personal information and your privacy Find out what information we collect, how we use it and the choices you have. Learn how we collect and use data See our FAQs Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2022. All rights reserved. | Site feedback | Site map Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
