https://www.ctvnews.ca/sports/fifa-charges-croatia-after-fans-taunt-canada-goalkeeper-milan-borjan-at-world-cup-1.6172901
Croatia charged as fans taunt Canada's Milan Borjan at World Cup | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup Sports FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup DOHA, QATAR - FIFA opened a disciplinary case against Croatia on Tuesday because of its fans' taunts aimed at Canadian goalkeeper Milan Borjan, who has Serbian family ties, during the teams' World Cup game. FIFA said the charge against the Croatian soccer federation was "due to the behaviour of its fans" and cited rules relating to discrimination and security at games. It followed a formal complaint by Canada Soccer. Borjan was born in an ethnic Serb region of Croatia that was part of the conflict that split the former Yugoslavia in the 1990s. Osorio says teammates support Borjan: 'We told him we're behind you at all times' Must See: Davies makes history, scoring Canada's first men's World Cup goal Borjan's family left their hometown in 1995 when it was taken by Croatian forces amid stories that ethnic Serbs fled on tractors. During Canada's 4-1 loss on Sunday, one banner displayed by Croatia fans used a flag of tractor manufacturer John Deere and changed the marketing slogan to target Borjan. The abuse was especially loud in the second half when Borjan's goal was right in front of the Croatia fans. Canada Soccer said it wrote a formal letter to FIFA "registering displeasure and disgust" at the banner. "Canada Soccer asked for a full explanation as to how these props and actions were permitted in the stadium and how FIFA will address this matter," the organization said in a statement. "We have also requested a formal apology." Borjan was 13 when his family moved to Canada -- initially Winnipeg and then Hamilton a year later. He plays his club football for storied Serbian club Red Star Belgrade. Qatar says worker deaths for World Cup 'between 400 and 500' The 35-year-old has won 71 caps for Canada. FIFA gave no timetable for a verdict in the case which would typically be judged with a fine for the federation. In the first disciplinary verdict of the World Cup on Tuesday, FIFA imposed a 10,000 Swiss francs (C$14,000) fine on the German soccer federation for not bringing players to the news conference that is mandatory one day before a game. Coach Hansi Flick appeared alone Saturday in breach of tournament rules to meet international media in Doha ahead of the team playing Spain. With files from The Canadian Press. MORE SPORTS NEWS Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Qatar says worker deaths for World Cup 'between 400 and 500' Protester with rainbow flag banned from World Cup matches Tiger Woods withdraws from his tournament with foot injury Noteworthy moments and political statements made so far at World Cup Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
