https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada
CTV News | Canada News | Local News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team CTV News | Canada News | Local News CANADA Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands The man convicted of harassing and extorting British Columbia teenager Amanda Todd has been returned to the Netherlands, where the prosecution office says a judge will decide if he serves any of his 13-year Canadian sentence. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station An Edmonton mom opened up about a random attack while she was waiting for a train that left her bruised, concussed and questioning whether it's safe to take transit in the city. Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism The arrest of a teen with autism at a St. Albert playground will be investigated by the agency that looks into complaints involving Mounties. More Canada Stories BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast Dozens of flights in and out of Vancouver International Airport have been cancelled over the snowfall that's expected on B.C.'s South Coast Tuesday. Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Social media tools were key to 'Freedom Convoy' protest, expert tells inquiry Social media acted as the "central nervous system" of the "Freedom Convoy" protest in Ottawa last winter, the Public Order Emergency Commission heard Tuesday as it considered the role of misinformation in the lead up to the invocation of the Emergencies Act. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Parti Quebecois MNAs refuse to swear oath to King as legislature opens; will not sit The 43rd session of Quebec's national assembly opened Tuesday without three of its members after the Parti Quebecois MNAs refused to swear the oath of office to King Charles III. Palestinian refugee's desperate plea for housing in Canada prompts Jewish family to open their door A Palestinian refugee who made a desperate plea for proper housing in Canada has now been welcomed by a Jewish family in Ottawa. King Charles' three-day visit to Canada cost taxpayers at least $1.4 million King Charles' whirlwind three-day trip to Canada in May 2022 cost Canadian taxpayers at least $1.4 million, or well over $25,000 per hour, according to documents obtained by CTVNews.ca. Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' The mother of a man found dead last week in Moncton, N.B. is calling for change after what she calls a series of systemic failures led to his body being found in a cold public washroom. MLA Dang ordered to pay $7,200 for breaching Alberta vaccine portal An Independent Alberta MLA has been ordered to pay $1,500 for each day he spent trying to break into the province's vaccine portal to prove the website wasn't perfectly secure, a judge ruled on Tuesday. Alberta not proceeding with Premier Smith's bill to protect COVID-19 unvaccinated Alberta Premier Danielle Smith is reversing a promise to enshrine human rights protections for the COVID-19 unvaccinated in law this fall. New stats suggest Canadians already kicking some plastic habits as national ban looms Canadians appear to be slowly cutting back on their use of plastic straws and grocery bags ahead of a national ban on such items that will take effect next month, new statistics show. Gap year popularity rises with students, COVID-19 lockdowns and costs factors With the 2023 post-secondary education application deadlines approaching, many students across Canada are looking for alternatives to university and college, leaving parents anxious taking a ‘gap year’ could mean they never return to school. Latest Video 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development CANADA THIS WEEK Click or scan the QR code above to sign up for our weekly newsletter and get the best our local outlets have to offer COVID-19 COVERAGE CORONAVIRUS IN CANADA Keep up to date with cases, hospitalizations and wastewater numbers across Canada COVID-19 cases charted across Canada HOW U.S. STATES ARE DOING How do Canadian provinces and territories compare to American states? CANADA AND OTHER NATIONS Curious how different countries are faring? Chart and compare the curves using our interactive graphs THE COVID-19 BRIEF Sign up to receive the most important updates in your inbox once a week This undated electron microscope image made available by the U.S. National Institutes of Health in February 2020 shows the Novel Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, orange, emerging from the surface of cells, green, cultured in the lab. (NIAID-RML via AP) Local Highlights Strangers rescue peacock from peril on Victoria street After living in his downtown Victoria neighbourhood for more than 30 years, David Ferguson says this was a first. Roadside delivery: Nova Scotia baby born in family car A Nova Scotia family’s baby delivery story is sure to be shared for many years to come after their baby was born along the side of the road on the way to the hospital. Trudeau accepts portrait of his father by London, Ont. artist London artist Eric Drummond said he is honoured Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has accepted a portrait of his late father, former prime minister Pierre Trudeau. The painting was presented to the prime minister by London North Centre MP Peter Fragiskatos last week. 'One to remember': Bright meteor streaks across Manitoba sky Several people in Manitoba got a clear look at a celestial sight Thursday night. A meteor was caught streaking across the sky in the province, with cameras catching it in Winnipeg and other areas north of the city. 'It looks like Poseidon': Ingersoll, Ont. photographer captures spectacular image of face in waves While working along the Lake Erie shoreline last weekend, a photographer from Ingersoll captured something unexpected. 'It took me hours to go through them all but I found a couple I really liked and that one stood out,' said Cody Evans. 'Freedom Convoy 2.0' being planned for February 2023 An organizer of the 'Freedom Convoy' says he's planning a reunion in Ottawa in February. James Bauder, the founder of Canada Unity, a group that called for an end to all vaccine mandates, posted on Facebook calling for a 'Freedom Convoy 2.0' Feb. 17 to 21 in Ottawa. Authorities chase down runaway ostriches in Taber, Alta. It was a strange situation in one southern Alberta community on Thursday where police were called to help wrangle some runaway ostriches. 'Incompetent' murder investigation destroyed her life, Sudbury woman says in $8M lawsuit Melissa Sheridan says she went from a respected Sudbury businesswoman to social pariah after she was charged in 2020 with murdering her ex-husband, Brant Burke. 'I'm at the mercy of a failing health-care system': B.C. cancer patient faces 6-month wait for biopsy After testing positive for a gene that puts her at high risk for breast cancer, coupled with her family’s medical history, Jannelle Chemko says it’s not a matter of if she’ll get the disease, but when. ATLANTIC Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman BARRIE 'I almost died,' Orillia man's road to recovery 'a nightmare' after contracting Legionella The Legionnaires' outbreak in Orillia may be over, but one local man says his road to recovery after contracting the disease has been a "nightmare." Landmark demolished to make way for future developments Demolition is underway on the Atherley Arms building along Highway 12 to make way for future development. Enrollment surges at new Simcoe County elementary school A new elementary school in Alliston is welcoming hundreds of students to the community. Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency At least two earthquakes were reported in northern Alberta Tuesday evening, with some saying the shakes were felt in Edmonton. KITCHENER Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Region of Waterloo staff say sweeping new provincial housing legislation will cost the region and its seven municipalities an estimated $530 million over the next 10 years, and taxpayers could be on the hook to make up the difference. Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified A victim has been identified after a multi-day investigation in Brant County that began as a suspicious death before being ruled a homicide. Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home St. James Catholic High School construction teacher, Jerry Della Savia, says he thought it was the perfect opportunity to take skills learned during class and have students apply them in a valuable way in the community. LONDON Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Members of the London Police Service continue to investigate after a three-vehicle crash in south London sent two people to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries Tuesday night. Wellington Road between Commissioners Road East and Southdale Road East has since been reopened. Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Following a vote from the Thames Valley District School Board, a motion to move forward with name changes for Sir John A. Macdonald Public School and F.D. Roosevelt Public School passed on Tuesday night. Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect London, Ont.’s Western University will be dropping its COVID-19 vaccination policy, the university announced Tuesday afternoon. MONTREAL Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal NORTHERN ONTARIO 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV A Sudbury family is sharing their story after their son spent a week in the hospital with respiratory syncytial virus. Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting A large female coyote has been captured on video patrolling a street in the Greater Sudbury area and here is what you should know. Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Three years ago, during a moment of suffering from post-traumatic stress, Dre crashed her car into some trees on Municipal Road between Timmins and Iroquois Falls. OTTAWA 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct An Ottawa woman is accusing a well-known lawyer of sexual misconduct, saying he offered her legal services in exchange for sexual favours. Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash A teenager who followed his dream to play U.S. college basketball is now faced with a life-changing event, after a car crash in Nebraska left him paralyzed. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Business operations are winding down at Saskatchewan government liquor stores as the remaining 34 locations will close their doors in the new year. Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Saskatchewan is forecasting a $1.1 billion surplus for 2022-23 in its mid-year financial report released on Tuesday. Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Regina city councillor Dan LeBlanc showed up to the Court at King's Bench Tuesday morning to set a date to make his case against the city's manager. Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA TORONTO Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Two people are in critical condition following a shooting in Scarborough Tuesday evening. Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Complaints of trash illegally dumped on Toronto streets have doubled as city enforcement has plummeted -- a recipe, some residents say, for smelly and unsightly garbage to litter neighbourhoods. Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow Windsor 'Armed and dangerous' suspect identified after fatal Windsor shooting Windsor police have identified a suspect related to a fatal shooting on Hanna Street. 'It just doesn’t seem real at this point': Shooting victim's mother speaks out A mother is reeling after her 26-year-old son was shot and killed in South Walkerville Monday afternoon. 1616 Ouellette landlord provides displaced tenants with financial assistance as temporary shelter closes Monday The City of Windsor is asking local landlords with affordable units to reach out as the temporary emergency shelter housing the displaced residents of a downtown apartment building will be closed as of Monday. WINNIPEG Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity A local business owner is being hailed as a quiet philanthropist after donating a gift to the Winnipeg Foundation valued at about $500 million, the largest individual gift ever made to a Canadian charity. Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines Some Winnipeggers are undeterred by the possibility of fines for shovelling bike lanes. 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head The Manitoba Underdogs Rescue is calling on the public for help to save a dog that was found with severe injuries to his head and face. Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says everyone in China should be allowed to express themselves amid Beijing's crackdown on COVID-19. He also says an Ottawa University should not have barred reporters from filming China's ambassador this week. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Social media tools were key to 'Freedom Convoy' protest, expert tells inquiry Social media acted as the "central nervous system" of the "Freedom Convoy" protest in Ottawa last winter, the Public Order Emergency Commission heard Tuesday as it considered the role of misinformation in the lead up to the invocation of the Emergencies Act. Feds launching task force to reform public-service whistleblowing law The federal government is launching an external review of the legislation that governs whistleblower protection in the public service. World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid An uneasy calm hung over Kyiv on Tuesday as residents of the Ukrainian capital prepared for Russian missile attacks aiming to take out more energy infrastructure as winter approaches. Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Spain's Maritime Rescue Service says it has rescued three stowaways travelling on a ship's rudder in the Canary Islands after the vessel sailed there from Nigeria. Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Three Chinese astronauts docked early Wednesday with their country's space station, where they will overlap for several days with the three-member crew already onboard and expand the facility to its maximum size. Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Hundreds of people gathered Tuesday at Harvard University and near Chinese consulates in New York and Chicago to support protesters who have called for that country's leader to step down amid severe antivirus restrictions in the biggest demonstrations against the government in Beijing in decades. Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect An unspent bullet found between the bodies of two teenage girls slain in 2017 "had been cycled through" a pistol owned by the suspect in their deaths, according to court documents an Indiana judge ordered released Tuesday. Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Colorado Gov. Jared Polis on Tuesday visited the memorial outside a gay club where five people were killed last week, solemnly walking along a line of flowers, crosses and signs bearing the photos and names of the victims outside the building with the club's owners. Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands The man convicted of harassing and extorting British Columbia teenager Amanda Todd has been returned to the Netherlands, where the prosecution office says a judge will decide if he serves any of his 13-year Canadian sentence. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? At the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, China set out its 'zero-COVID' measures that were harsh, but not out of line with what many other countries were doing to try and contain the virus. While most other nations saw the health and safety regulations as temporary until vaccines were widely available, however, China has stuck steadfastly to its strategy. How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study You may have heard the oft-repeated advice to drink eight glasses of water a day, but according to a new study, the amount of water we need daily ranges wildly based on numerous factors. Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? While the Alberta government and federal Conservative party claim the province's recovery-oriented care model is the reason that fatal drug poisonings have decreased by almost 50 per cent over a year, the statistic doesn’t show the full picture, cumulative data analysis shows. Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines When a B.C. metal artist was asked to create a giant sculpture with Elon Musk's head on the body of a goat riding a rocket he had no idea who would want to create such a thing or why. Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' Will Smith opened up to Trevor Noah about the now-famous slap at the Oscars in March during an appearance that aired Monday night on 'The Daily Show.' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' won best feature at the 32nd Gotham Awards on Monday, taking one of the first major prizes of Hollywood's awards season and boosting the Oscar hopes of the anarchic indie hit of the year. Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store Elon Musk on Monday claimed that Apple has 'threatened' to pull Twitter from its iOS app store, a move that could be devastating to the company Musk just acquired for US$44 billion. China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday A rocket carrying three astronauts to finish building China's space station will blast off Tuesday amid intensifying competition with the U.S., the government said Monday. U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry The British government on Monday abandoned a plan to force tech firms to remove internet content that is harmful but legal, after the proposal drew strong criticism from lawmakers and civil liberties groups. Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Royal Bank of Canada has agreed to pay $13.5-billion in cash for HSBC Bank Canada in what is the largest domestic banking deal on record. Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Agriculture commodity groups are applauding the Liberal government's long-awaited Indo-Pacific strategy, announced Sunday in Vancouver, and hoping it will lead to more, and better, free trade deals with countries like India. Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Canada saw stronger than expected economic growth in the third quarter, but economists warn the underlying numbers don't paint such a positive picture. Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Ferrari is parting ways with Mattia Binotto after 28 years -- four as head of the Formula One team -- following a hideous season of botched strategy calls that cost Charles Leclerc any chance to contend for the championship. Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business Suncor Energy Inc. says it has decided to keep its Petro-Canada retail business after a comprehensive review that included what it would mean to sell the operations. See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world With greenhouse gas emissions usually reported at the global or national level, it can be difficult to determine their prevalence in local communities. Until now, that is, thanks to a new tool developed by scientists at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory. Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Friendships aren't just about those you sit with on the school bus or play alongside on your childhood baseball team — they are a core component of the human experience, experts say. But making and retaining deep, meaningful friendships as an adult is hard, especially for men, according to research. Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season For most people, the holiday season is a time for giving. But for fraudsters and scammers, it's a time for taking. Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp What trendy things will we be eating and drinking next year? Predictions for the top 10 food and beverage trends of 2023 were revealed recently by review site Yelp. Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana apparently left the World Cup on Tuesday and was heading home after being dropped from the country's squad for disciplinary reasons. 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers James Hamblin had a huge smile Monday when he spoke about his first NHL call up. He had tears streaming down his face just hours earlier. 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Two months after being fired, a former member of the Vancouver Canucks coaching staff has filed a complaint with the BC Human Rights Tribunal against the hockey team over alleged discrimination. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
