https://www.ctvnews.ca/ctv-news-help
CTV News Video FAQ | CTV News Video Frequently Asked Questions | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team CTV News Video FAQ | CTV News Video Frequently Asked Questions | CTV News VIDEO FAQ Video Support | Apple TV | Signing in and Activation | Unable to Watch VIDEO SUPPORT What browsers are supported for video playback? CTV News supports the following platforms: Windows desktop, tablets, and smartphones running version 8.1+ Mac desktop running OS 10.11+ Android 4.4+ iOS 11+ Internet browsers: Chrome 68+ on Desktop and Android (not iOs) Firefox 88+ on Desktop IE 11+ only on Desktop Edge 16+ Desktop Safari Mac 10+ Android | Chrome The CTV News mobile web experience and CTV News App supports the following mobile devices and connected platforms: iPad, iPod and iPhone running iOS 11.0+ with AirPlay Android tablets and smartphones running version 7.0+ Apple TV tvOS version 12.1+ Video isn't working in Internet Explorer? As Microsoft officially ended support for Internet Explorer in 2016, video playback for some users will not play. If you're able to, we recommend watching Chrome, Firefox, Edge or Safari. CTV News and the CTV News App can be cast with the following devices: Chromecast – How to cast to your TV To download one of the free compatible browsers, visit the browser’s home page that you want to update. Chrome: http://www.google.com/chrome the select “Download Now’ button FireFox: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/ then select the “Download a Fresh Copy” link Microsoft Edge: https://www.microsoft.com/en-ca/windows/microsoft-edge Safari: https://support.apple.com/downloads/safari How do I access CTV News videos? To access news clips and recent news programs, no login is required. The articles on our website can also be accessed at any time without a login. To access authenticated live and archival content (displaying lock icon), you will need a username and password for your account from a participating television service provider. What does the lock symbol mean? The lock symbol means you must be signed in with your television service credentials to view because this is authenticated content. Who can I contact if I have a video question? CTVNewsApp@bellmedia.ca Can I access authenticated CTV News from any device? Access to authenticated CTV News content is supported on iPhone, iPad, Android Apple TV and web-connected desktop and laptop computers. Can I watch content without signing into an account? No sign-in is required for viewing our digital-exclusive LIVE channels. CTV News Channel LIVE programming will require you to sign in. Some archived video also requires a login. A lock icon indicates that you must sign in. Can I watch live TV? Yes, if you have a TV subscription with a participating TV service provider. Clicking on one of our "Watch Live" buttons allows you to watch the channel as you would on a television. This feature is available if you are subscribed to that channel with your television service provider. Some live news content is available without a TV subscription. This live video is only available on digital screens and not on television. For example, CTV News often offers press conferences and live video feeds from important news events on our digital-exclusive live channels. Can I watch CTV News authenticated content outside of Canada? Yes. If you are physically outside Canada, CTV News authenticated content will be available to you when using your username and password for your account with a television service provider. Non-authenticated video content (no locked icon) does not require a username or password is also available outside Canada. Will streaming TV shows use my cellular data plan ( 4G / LTE / 5G ) If you are not connected to the internet or Wi-Fi, streaming video will use your data plan. Are videos available in closed caption? CTV News Channel is available with captioning. The digital exclusive LIVE channels are not at this time. Back to top APPLE TV How do I find the CTV News app on my Apple TV? Go to the App store on your Apple TV, and select CTV News to download it to your device. Make sure your country region is set to Canada, to access the Canadian store. What Apple TV devices is CTV News supported on? CTV News is supported on Apple TV tvOS Version of 12.1.+. How do I sign in and activate CTV News on my Apple TV? Launch the CTV News app and either play one of the live streams or select Sign In from the navigation bar. Go to www.CTVNews.ca/appletv on a web browser Enter the activation code displayed on your television You will be given the option to sign in if you are an existing subscriber. Please select sign in Enter your credentials Once completed successfully, you should see a 'Success!' message on your browser. Return to your television and you are ready to start streaming video I have questions about my Apple TV. Where can I get help? For general questions or help with your Apple TV, please visit https://support.apple.com/apple-tv Back to top SIGNING IN AND ACTIVATION Authenticated CTV News content is available to all television service providers. There is no additional cost to stream CTV News authenticated content as long as you subscribe to a participating television service provider and the channel is included in your subscription package. Please contact your TV Service provider if you are having trouble with: Signing in | If you forgot your login information, username or password To order home television services from any service provider that enables access to CTV News authenticated content. Can I sign up through CTV News and create a username and password to view authenticated content? You can only access the live and archival content featured by signing in with the username and password from your television service provider. My login keeps failing what should I do? There are several reasons this might occur. Try the following: Log in again (enter your username and password). Your session may have expired. Clear the cookies from your device. Check your security settings and enable 3rd party cookies. If the options above fail to resolve the issue, please contact your television service provider to inquire. Do I have to log in every time I use CTV News? No. When you log in the first time, the system will keep you logged in for 30 days. After 30 days, you will be prompted to log in again. However, if you clear your cookies / cache, you may be prompted to login again. You do need to log in on each device, once every 30 days. Will CTV News keep a copy of my login credentials? No. The username and password screen is the same experience as if you were on the website of your television service provider. Since the details are encrypted, CTV News will never know that information. Can I log in from my friend's computer / device? Yes, you are able to access authenticated CTV News content through any personal computer or device that is supported. To login, just go to the video sign-in option to begin viewing. Which Television providers can I use to log into an account with: Bell TYV CCAP Rural Wave/Kawartha Bell Aliant City West Source Cable Bell MTS ebox Start.tv Cogeco Execulink Telecom Tbaytel Eastlink Gosfield North Teksavvy Rogers Hay Communications TCC / Tuckersmith SaskTel Hurontel V Media Shaw Mitchell Seaforth Cable TV Westman Telus Northwestel Wightman Access Communications Novus Cable Cable NRTC Communications If your provider isn't listed, you can help by calling and letting them know you are interested. Back to top UNABLE TO WATCH How do I disable private browser viewing? The following steps indicate how to disable the private browser setting on your device: Tap the “tabs” button in the bottom right corner (handset) or upper right corner (tablet) of your Mobile browser. You will now see a “private” button that is white, tap it. Restart your activation/ sign in process. You will be able to switch back to private browsing after the activation is complete. I’m unable to download or install the application. What should I do? The app is available through the Canadian Google PlayTM store, the Canadian App StoreSM on iOS, Xbox One marketplace, Windows Store and the Samsung Smart Hub on TVs and Blu Ray players from 2013-2017. Make sure you are in the Canadian version of the If you are still having difficulty with downloading the app, please contact Google, Apple Help, Windows Help or Samsung Info for further assistance. I’m unable to access the website. What should I do? Check that your browser has a working Internet connection by browsing a website that you frequently use. If you are able to visit other websites but not CTV News, check that you have the correct address (www.CTVNews.ca). If the site is temporarily unavailable, please check back later. I do not see a device activation code, what should I do? If you do not see a device activation code, please select the 'Cancel' button and try again. The player functions aren’t working. What should I do? You can try refreshing your browser, or if in an app, hard-close the app and try again. I’ve downloaded the app but it won’t open or it keeps crashing. What should I do? There may be something wrong with the installation on your device. Please uninstall the app completely, then install it again. Back to top STAY CONNECTED CTV NEWS VIDEO NETWORK 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal CTV News on the Go Indo-Pacific strategy a 'U-turn' on Canada-China relations Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Atiba Hutchinson - Canada's captain in Qatar: W5 preview The human cost of Qatar's World Cup stadiums: W5 preview Masterpieces stolen in a brazen Montreal heist: W5 preview A search for clues about a family's missing son: W5 preview ENVIRONMENT VIDEOS Climate change warming Svalbard, Norway at faster pace Bad piping was polluting Lake Ontario for decades Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Weather and inflation causing price of Xmas trees to go up Imagery shows methane emissions widespread, underreported Could pumping CO2 deep underwater fix climate crisis? U.S. will meet emissions target under Paris deal: Biden Rockies could lose their iconic glaciers in our lifetime LIVE ON CTVNEWS.CA CTV National News 11 p.m. ET Power Play 5 p.m. ET W5 Saturday - 7 p.m. ET Question Period Sunday - 11 p.m. ET CTV News Channel Ongoing Coverage CTVNews.ca Top Stories Afghans forced out of their homeland now homeless in Pakistan CTV National News' Executive Producer Rosa Hwang shares what she witnessed during a visit to a refugee camp in Pakistan, where Afghan children live in flimsy tents set up in a park, without the basics like running water or enough food, with only their mothers for protection. Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands The man convicted of harassing and extorting British Columbia teenager Amanda Todd has been returned to the Netherlands, where the prosecution office says a judge will decide if he serves any of his 13-year Canadian sentence. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station An Edmonton mom opened up about a random attack while she was waiting for a train that left her bruised, concussed and questioning whether it's safe to take transit in the city. Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism The arrest of a teen with autism at a St. Albert playground will be investigated by the agency that looks into complaints involving Mounties. BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast Dozens of flights in and out of Vancouver International Airport have been cancelled over the snowfall that's expected on B.C.'s South Coast Tuesday. World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid An uneasy calm hung over Kyiv on Tuesday as residents of the Ukrainian capital prepared for Russian missile attacks aiming to take out more energy infrastructure as winter approaches. Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Spain's Maritime Rescue Service says it has rescued three stowaways travelling on a ship's rudder in the Canary Islands after the vessel sailed there from Nigeria. Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Three Chinese astronauts docked early Wednesday with their country's space station, where they will overlap for several days with the three-member crew already onboard and expand the facility to its maximum size. Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Hundreds of people gathered Tuesday at Harvard University and near Chinese consulates in New York and Chicago to support protesters who have called for that country's leader to step down amid severe antivirus restrictions in the biggest demonstrations against the government in Beijing in decades. Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect An unspent bullet found between the bodies of two teenage girls slain in 2017 "had been cycled through" a pistol owned by the suspect in their deaths, according to court documents an Indiana judge ordered released Tuesday. Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Colorado Gov. Jared Polis on Tuesday visited the memorial outside a gay club where five people were killed last week, solemnly walking along a line of flowers, crosses and signs bearing the photos and names of the victims outside the building with the club's owners. Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says everyone in China should be allowed to express themselves amid Beijing's crackdown on COVID-19. He also says an Ottawa University should not have barred reporters from filming China's ambassador this week. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? At the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, China set out its 'zero-COVID' measures that were harsh, but not out of line with what many other countries were doing to try and contain the virus. While most other nations saw the health and safety regulations as temporary until vaccines were widely available, however, China has stuck steadfastly to its strategy. How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study You may have heard the oft-repeated advice to drink eight glasses of water a day, but according to a new study, the amount of water we need daily ranges wildly based on numerous factors. Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? While the Alberta government and federal Conservative party claim the province's recovery-oriented care model is the reason that fatal drug poisonings have decreased by almost 50 per cent over a year, the statistic doesn’t show the full picture, cumulative data analysis shows. Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store Elon Musk on Monday claimed that Apple has 'threatened' to pull Twitter from its iOS app store, a move that could be devastating to the company Musk just acquired for US$44 billion. China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday A rocket carrying three astronauts to finish building China's space station will blast off Tuesday amid intensifying competition with the U.S., the government said Monday. U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry The British government on Monday abandoned a plan to force tech firms to remove internet content that is harmful but legal, after the proposal drew strong criticism from lawmakers and civil liberties groups. Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines When a B.C. metal artist was asked to create a giant sculpture with Elon Musk's head on the body of a goat riding a rocket he had no idea who would want to create such a thing or why. Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' Will Smith opened up to Trevor Noah about the now-famous slap at the Oscars in March during an appearance that aired Monday night on 'The Daily Show.' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' won best feature at the 32nd Gotham Awards on Monday, taking one of the first major prizes of Hollywood's awards season and boosting the Oscar hopes of the anarchic indie hit of the year. Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Royal Bank of Canada has agreed to pay $13.5-billion in cash for HSBC Bank Canada in what is the largest domestic banking deal on record. Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Agriculture commodity groups are applauding the Liberal government's long-awaited Indo-Pacific strategy, announced Sunday in Vancouver, and hoping it will lead to more, and better, free trade deals with countries like India. Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Canada saw stronger than expected economic growth in the third quarter, but economists warn the underlying numbers don't paint such a positive picture. Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Friendships aren't just about those you sit with on the school bus or play alongside on your childhood baseball team — they are a core component of the human experience, experts say. But making and retaining deep, meaningful friendships as an adult is hard, especially for men, according to research. Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season For most people, the holiday season is a time for giving. But for fraudsters and scammers, it's a time for taking. Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp What trendy things will we be eating and drinking next year? Predictions for the top 10 food and beverage trends of 2023 were revealed recently by review site Yelp. Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana apparently left the World Cup on Tuesday and was heading home after being dropped from the country's squad for disciplinary reasons. 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers James Hamblin had a huge smile Monday when he spoke about his first NHL call up. He had tears streaming down his face just hours earlier. 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Two months after being fired, a former member of the Vancouver Canucks coaching staff has filed a complaint with the BC Human Rights Tribunal against the hockey team over alleged discrimination. Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Ferrari is parting ways with Mattia Binotto after 28 years -- four as head of the Formula One team -- following a hideous season of botched strategy calls that cost Charles Leclerc any chance to contend for the championship. Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business Suncor Energy Inc. says it has decided to keep its Petro-Canada retail business after a comprehensive review that included what it would mean to sell the operations. See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world With greenhouse gas emissions usually reported at the global or national level, it can be difficult to determine their prevalence in local communities. Until now, that is, thanks to a new tool developed by scientists at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory. Climate and Environment Mauna Loa in Hawaii is erupting, what are the hazards for communities and the world? Lava is shooting 30 to 60 metres into the air as Hawaii's Mauna Loa, the world's largest active volcano, erupts for the first time in nearly 40 years. What are the hazards posed to communities in Hawaii and across the world? Australia argues against 'endangered' Great Barrier Reef status Australia's environment minister said Tuesday her government will lobby against UNESCO adding the Great Barrier Reef to a list of endangered World Heritage sites. Cold air pushes into southern B.C., bringing wind, snow and arctic chill Environment Canada has updated special weather statements, warning of strong winds, sub-zero temperatures and snow for south coastal B.C. and much of Vancouver Island. Researchers at University of Manitoba find connection between ground squirrels and climate change University of Manitoba researchers have found a link between ground squirrels and climate change and it has to do with the rodents' feet and sperm. 'A significant severe-weather event will be likely' in U.S. this week, meteorologists say A new robust storm system moving into the Pacific Northwest Sunday is expected to spawn severe storms in the South this week. The U.S. Storm Prediction Center has issued an early forecast warning, calling for "a significant severe-weather event" across parts of the lower Mississippi River Valley Tuesday. The Bottom Line opinion opinion | Don Martin: After a long final day on the Emergencies Act inquiry stand, it's convoy zero, Trudeau won Prime Minister Justin Trudeau gambled just by showing up. And he appears to have won in the court of reasonable public opinion, Don Martin writes in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca. Don Martin: Now that the 24 Sussex sabotage is complete, it's time to call in the demolition crew By declaring even the kitchen a fire hazard and health risk to continued service, the very kitchen where Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, his family and his visitors have been catered to remotely for seven years, the National Capital Commission has officially mothballed the estate and nailed an unofficial demolition order on the gates. This is not a lamentable development, Don Martin writes in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca. opinion opinion | Don Martin: Trudeau faces the greatest risk of Freedom Convoy fallout He may not have seen the potential threat when truckers rolled toward Ottawa last January, but Prime Minister Justin Trudeau cannot miss the risk of Freedom Convoy fallout he now faces, contributor Don Martin writes in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca. opinion opinion | Don Martin: Question Period sleeper turning into slugfest between Poilievre and Trudeau There's been a 20-year series of middleweight clashes in the parliamentary fight club - Chretien vs. Day, Martin vs. Harper, Harper vs. Mulcair, Trudeau vs. O'Toole - but nothing comes close to the slugfest now raging between Conservative leader Pierre Poilievre and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. opinion opinion | Don Martin: An Alberta storm is brewing as Danielle Smith is set to become premier The next premier of Alberta could well make Conservative Leader Pierre Poilievre look like a right-wing lightweight, Don Martin writes in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca. W5 HIGHLIGHTS W5 ANALYSIS W5 ANALYSIS | Why you now have a reason to watch men's soccer in Canada The World Cup in Qatar has sparked soccer – and non-soccer – conversations around the world. CTV's W5 Executive Producer Derek Miller writes for CTVNews.ca about his observations from the tournament and how soccer is evolving in Canada. W5 Investigates W5 Investigates | North Bay father continues search for son who disappeared more than 10 years ago Twenty-year-old Luke Joly-Durocher seemingly vanished without a trace in 2011 after a night out with friends in North Bay, Ont. CTV W5 investigates the cold case more than a decade later. Largest art heist in Canadian history still a mystery after 50 years CTV W5 investigates Canada’s largest art heist, 50 years after thieves snatched masterpieces from the walls of Montreal’s Museum of Fine Arts. W5 Investigates W5 Investigates | 'We were just children': Canadian gymnasts speak out against culture of abuse in their sport CTV W5 examines the toxic culture of Canadian gymnastics, and speaks with former gymnasts who are part of a growing number of voices denouncing the treatment of gymnasts by coaches, trainers and administrators. W5 EXCLUSIVE W5 EXCLUSIVE | Canadian airline crew and passengers, detained in Dominican Republic since spring, now granted freedom Twelve Canadians -- five crew members and seven passengers of a Pivot air flight -- who have been detained in the Dominican Republic since last spring, learned Friday that they are going home. W5 Investigates W5 Investigates | Secretly recorded footage exposes conditions at Ontario's roadside zoos In the summer of 2022, advocacy group Animal Justice secretly documented conditions at so-called "roadside zoos" across Ontario. CTV W5 investigates what happens at facilities with little oversight and regulation. W5 W5 | Remembering the secret Black military unit that had to fight to serve Canada Sandie Rinaldo tells the story of the largest Black military unit in Canadian history, whose members had to fight to serve for Canada in the First World War as they faced rampant racism at home. W5 INVESTIGATES W5 INVESTIGATES | Mother claims non-speaking daughter was secluded, forcibly confined at N.B. school without her consent CTV W5 investigates claims by parents who say seclusion and restraints are being used in schools on their children with disabilities, without their permission or knowledge. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
