https://www.ctvnews.ca/climate-and-environment
CTV News | Environmental News Canada | Climate News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team CTV News | Environmental News Canada | Climate News Climate and Environment Mauna Loa in Hawaii is erupting, what are the hazards for communities and the world? Lava is shooting 30 to 60 metres into the air as Hawaii's Mauna Loa, the world's largest active volcano, erupts for the first time in nearly 40 years. What are the hazards posed to communities in Hawaii and across the world? MORE CLIMATE STORIES Australia argues against 'endangered' Great Barrier Reef status Australia's environment minister said Tuesday her government will lobby against UNESCO adding the Great Barrier Reef to a list of endangered World Heritage sites. Cold air pushes into southern B.C., bringing wind, snow and arctic chill Environment Canada has updated special weather statements, warning of strong winds, sub-zero temperatures and snow for south coastal B.C. and much of Vancouver Island. Researchers at University of Manitoba find connection between ground squirrels and climate change University of Manitoba researchers have found a link between ground squirrels and climate change and it has to do with the rodents' feet and sperm. 'A significant severe-weather event will be likely' in U.S. this week, meteorologists say A new robust storm system moving into the Pacific Northwest Sunday is expected to spawn severe storms in the South this week. The U.S. Storm Prediction Center has issued an early forecast warning, calling for "a significant severe-weather event" across parts of the lower Mississippi River Valley Tuesday. U.S. rule would limit methane leaks from public lands drilling The Interior Department on Monday proposed rules to limit methane leaks from oil and gas drilling on public lands, the latest action by the Biden administration to crack down on emissions of methane, a potent greenhouse gas that contributes significantly to global warming. See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world With greenhouse gas emissions usually reported at the global or national level, it can be difficult to determine their prevalence in local communities. Until now, that is, thanks to a new tool developed by scientists at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory. Great Barrier Reef should be placed on the 'in danger' list, UN-backed report shows The Great Barrier Reef should be added to the list of world heritage sites that are 'in danger', a team of scientists concluded after conducting a mission to the world's largest coral reef system. Montana environmental groups concerned over proposed changes to limit on wolf kills Environmental groups told a U.S. judge Monday that the wolf population in Montana and in Yellowstone National Park would be irreparably harmed if he lifts a temporary restraining order that restricted wolf hunting and trapping following concerns that too many of the animals could be killed this winter. Ontario passes housing bill despite criticism from municipalities over funding The Ontario government has passed housing legislation that overrides some municipal zoning laws and eliminates some development fees in an effort to follow through on the province’s goal of building 1.5 million homes. Giant trees still fall amid old-growth funding lag for B.C. First Nations British Columbia has asked First Nations if they want old-growth forests set aside from logging, allowing time for long-term planning of conservation and sustainable development, but it has yet to fund the process on a large scale, advocates say. Warming in Svalbard, Arctic will continue 'at a fast pace': climate scientist Accelerated warming in the Svalbard archipelago is offering a glimpse into the impact of climate change now, and in the future, in the Arctic and around the world. Canada's top five federal contaminated sites to cost taxpayers billions to clean up With a cost estimate of $4.38 billion, remediation of the Giant Mine, one of the most contaminated sites in Canada, is also expected to be the most expensive federal environmental cleanup in the country's history. ENVIRONMENT VIDEOS Climate change warming Svalbard, Norway at faster pace Bad piping was polluting Lake Ontario for decades Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Weather and inflation causing price of Xmas trees to go up Imagery shows methane emissions widespread, underreported Could pumping CO2 deep underwater fix climate crisis? U.S. will meet emissions target under Paris deal: Biden Rockies could lose their iconic glaciers in our lifetime MONTHLY NEWSLETTER Keep your finger on the climate pulse with curated stories and insights arriving in your inbox monthly. RISKIN REPORTS Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Dan Riskin on why primates spend more time on the ground Dan Riskin on why Arctic lakes are disappearing Dan Riskin on climate change's impact on tree growth Dan Riskin on the health of Antarctica's glaciers Dan Riskin on the increasing rise of extreme weather events Dan Riskin on how climate change pushed a pest northward Dan Riskin on the ecological impact of invasive earthworms IN-DEPTH STORIES Top scientists warn of 'ghastly future' for planet Forests may flip from CO2 'sink' to 'source' by 2050 Climate change is threatening these 10 species in Canada 2021 will be the shortest year in decades. Here's why. Science and Technology Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store Elon Musk on Monday claimed that Apple has 'threatened' to pull Twitter from its iOS app store, a move that could be devastating to the company Musk just acquired for US$44 billion. China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday A rocket carrying three astronauts to finish building China's space station will blast off Tuesday amid intensifying competition with the U.S., the government said Monday. U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry The British government on Monday abandoned a plan to force tech firms to remove internet content that is harmful but legal, after the proposal drew strong criticism from lawmakers and civil liberties groups. NASA cancels greenhouse gas monitoring satellite due to cost NASA is cancelling a planned satellite that was going to intensely monitor greenhouse gases over the Americas because it got too costly and complicated. Bees living in isolation have half the lifespan they did 50 years ago: study The lifespan of lab-reared honey bees today is half of what it was fifty years ago, according to a new study, which researchers suggest could be a sign that environmental stress isn't the only factor affecting the global bee population. Researchers at University of Manitoba find connection between ground squirrels and climate change University of Manitoba researchers have found a link between ground squirrels and climate change and it has to do with the rodents' feet and sperm. NASA's Orion capsule enters far-flung orbit around moon NASA's Orion capsule entered an orbit stretching tens of thousands of kilometres around the moon Friday, as it neared the halfway mark of its test flight. Irish watchdog fines Meta 265M euros in latest privacy case Irish regulators slapped Facebook parent Meta with a 265 million-euro ($277 million) fine Monday, the company's latest punishment for breaching strict European Union data privacy rules. GLOBAL LEVEL OF CARBON DIOXIDE INTERACTIVES Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Cannabis Ottawa on track to spend $200M per year on cannabis for veterans Seth Rogen's cannabis company Houseplant and Canopy Growth announce partnership end Pfizer claims 3rd dose 'strongly' boosts protection against Delta variant Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Friendships aren't just about those you sit with on the school bus or play alongside on your childhood baseball team — they are a core component of the human experience, experts say. But making and retaining deep, meaningful friendships as an adult is hard, especially for men, according to research. Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season For most people, the holiday season is a time for giving. But for fraudsters and scammers, it's a time for taking. Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp What trendy things will we be eating and drinking next year? Predictions for the top 10 food and beverage trends of 2023 were revealed recently by review site Yelp. Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana apparently left the World Cup on Tuesday and was heading home after being dropped from the country's squad for disciplinary reasons. 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers James Hamblin had a huge smile Monday when he spoke about his first NHL call up. He had tears streaming down his face just hours earlier. 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Two months after being fired, a former member of the Vancouver Canucks coaching staff has filed a complaint with the BC Human Rights Tribunal against the hockey team over alleged discrimination. Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Royal Bank of Canada has agreed to pay $13.5-billion in cash for HSBC Bank Canada in what is the largest domestic banking deal on record. Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Agriculture commodity groups are applauding the Liberal government's long-awaited Indo-Pacific strategy, announced Sunday in Vancouver, and hoping it will lead to more, and better, free trade deals with countries like India. Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Canada saw stronger than expected economic growth in the third quarter, but economists warn the underlying numbers don't paint such a positive picture. Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Ferrari is parting ways with Mattia Binotto after 28 years -- four as head of the Formula One team -- following a hideous season of botched strategy calls that cost Charles Leclerc any chance to contend for the championship. Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business Suncor Energy Inc. says it has decided to keep its Petro-Canada retail business after a comprehensive review that included what it would mean to sell the operations. See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world With greenhouse gas emissions usually reported at the global or national level, it can be difficult to determine their prevalence in local communities. Until now, that is, thanks to a new tool developed by scientists at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
