https://www.ctvnews.ca/sports/day-10-at-world-cup-2022-england-u-s-netherlands-and-senegal-all-advance-1.6172980
Day 10 at World Cup 2022: 4 teams advance | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Day 10 at World Cup 2022: England, U.S., Netherlands and Senegal all advance Sports Day 10 at World Cup 2022: England, U.S., Netherlands and Senegal all advance The third round of World Cup group stage matches has arrived, and it’s now do or die as teams have one final chance to qualify for the Round of 16. Tuesday’s action saw Groups A and B wrap up their group stage round in a dramatic fashion. In case you missed it, Monday was one of the most thrilling days of action so far. Cameroon and Serbia tied 3-3, Ghana edged past South Korea, plus Brazil and Portugal qualified for the knockouts. Canada's Eustaquio sits out training ahead of clash against Morocco FIFA tech confirms Ronaldo didn't score vs. Uruguay World Cup knockout round clinching scenarios: How each team can qualify for the Round of 16 Here is what went down on Tuesday in Qatar. IRAN VS U.S. Full match report The United States needed a win and Captain America rose to the occasion to beat Iran 1-0. Christian Pulisic’s goal was the game-winner as the Chelsea star bundled the ball over the line just before the break. Pulisic appeared to pick up an injury in the process and was taken off at half-time. Looking at Group B, England secured top spot, followed by U.S., Iran and Wales. The U.S. will now face Netherlands in the Round of 16. WALES VS ENGLAND Full match report England finally found its scoring touch as the Three Lions beat rivals Wales 3-0 to advance. A nervy first half was swept aside in the second as an on-fire Marcus Rashford opened the scoring five minutes in before Phil Foden turned things 2-0 seconds later. Rashford then secured a brace. Wales will be disappointed with its World Cup campaign, having returned to the biggest stage in 64 years only to pick up one point. Looking at Group B, England secured top spot, followed by U.S., Iran and Wales. England will now face Senegal in the Round of 16. ECUADOR VS SENEGAL Full match report Senegal made the most of its final chance to reach the knockouts and beat Ecuador 2-1 to qualify. Ismaila opened the scoring from the penalty spot before a dramatic second half saw Moises Caicedo pull level only for Senegal captain Kalidou Koulibaly to win it 2-1. Group A finished with Netherlands on top with seven points, Senegal six, Ecuador four and Qatar zero. Senegal will now face England in the Round of 16. NETHERLANDS VS QATAR Full match report Netherlands secured its spot at the top of Group A after a 2-0 win over Qatar. Twenty-three-year-old midfield star Cody Gakpo scored his third goal in as many games to put his side up 1-0 before Frenkie de Jong doubled the lead four minutes into the second half. Louis van Gaal’s side finished with seven points, Senegal six, Ecuador four and Qatar zero. Netherlands will now face the U.S. in the Round of 16. LATEST NEWS FIFA have charged Croatia after fans taunted Canadian goalkeeper Milan Borjan due to breaking rules relating to discrimination and security. Additionally, Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana has dropped from the squad following a dispute with staff. LOOKING AHEAD Tunisia vs. France at 10 a.m. on TSN Australia vs. Denmark at 10 a.m. on TSN Poland vs. Argentina at 2 p.m. on TSN Saudi Arabia vs. Mexico at 2 p.m. on TSN All times listed are Eastern Standard Time Watch the matches live on CTV and TSN MORE SPORTS NEWS Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Qatar says worker deaths for World Cup 'between 400 and 500' Protester with rainbow flag banned from World Cup matches Tiger Woods withdraws from his tournament with foot injury Noteworthy moments and political statements made so far at World Cup Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
