https://www.bellmedia.ca/sales/digital/ctv-news-channel/
Digital advertising - Bell Media Skip to main content About us The Lede Bell Marketing Platform Advertising sales Main Menu Advertising sales Television Radio Astral/Out of home Digital Brand partnerships FAQ More Main Menu Producer guidelines Community investment Diversity in production Fr Go digital and target your audience on web and mobile Advertising online is key to connecting with today’s consumers. Bell Media offers market-leading digital assets, including brand websites, digital apps and platforms providing high visibility in a brand-safe, premium digital environment. Advertise with us Delivering audiences and driving business results Bell Media provides market-leading digital programming across news, sports and entertainment verticals. We deliver premium content from Canada’s most recognized media brands, keeping users engaged and your ads highly visible to your customers. Plus, our in-view rates are above industry benchmarks, giving you unbeatable opportunities to increase your impact. Our digital advertising is highly effective both nationally and locally, giving you the ability to geo-target customers in your specific markets. Over 450 millions total pages viewed monthly 3 millions daily visitors* 73% of online Canadians reached** *Source Adobe Analytics, Oct-Dec 2018 Monthly Average *Comscore Reach/Frequency™ Multi-Platform, Total Audience, October 2018, Canada **Comscore Media Metrix® Multi-Platform, Total Audience, Audience Duplication of Bell Media, Bloomberg, EONLINE.COM, IHEART.com, ESP Fantasy, MTV.COM, TLC.COM, DISCOVERY.COM, 3 Mo. Avg. Ending November 2018, Canada Brand websites, digital apps and platforms Why partner with Bell Media for digital advertising? Custom formats and branded integrations in our content Unparalleled video assets Top-tier targeting Stellar video completion and viewability rates Fraud-free, brand-safe environment Our digital properties Bell Media offers an unrivaled digital portfolio. Over 120 properties provide near-unlimited ways to match your brand’s voice, with websites that appeal to men, women, millennials, affluent professionals—virtually any market segment you want to target. Filter by All English French TSN TSN TSN is the first choice for serious sports fans, whether it’s to find out the latest information on their favourite team, or to engage with the biggest sports issues happening now. Our hosts are connected, informed and opinionated, giving our listeners an earful of what they crave – spirited sports coverage. With radio advertising on TSN, you can connect with sports fans across Canada. Website Advertise on TSN Visit website RDS RDS RDS is Canada’s French-language sports broadcasting leader and Québec’s #1 specialty network. In addition to its world-class content delivered across multiple platforms, including RDS, RDS2, RDS Info, RDS.ca and RDS GO, RDS offers the broadest portfolio of French-language sports programming in the world. Website Advertise on RDS Visit website CTV CTV CTV is Canada’s #1 private broadcaster. Featuring a wide range of quality news, sports, information, and entertainment programming, CTV has been Canada’s most-watched television network for the past 19 years in a row. Website Advertise on CTV Visit website CTV News CTV News CTV News is Canada’s most-watched news organization both locally and nationally, and has a network of national, international, and local news operations. Website Advertise on CTV News Visit website CTV Drama CTV Drama Bingeable and buzzyworthy, CTV Drama Channel features premium scripted series, as well as some of the most dramatic and can’t-miss moments in unscripted television. CTV Drama Channel is the exclusive home of award-winning and highly acclaimed series THE HANDMAID’S TALE, KILLING EVE, and the fan-favourite PROJECT RUNWAY franchise. Website Advertise on CTV Drama Visit website CTV Comedy CTV Comedy CTV Comedy Channel delivers every flavour of funny with A-list stand-up, hilarious late-night talk shows, favourite sitcoms, and hit movies. The home of original comedy CORNER GAS ANIMATED and fresh stand-up captured every year at Montréal’s Just For Laughs Festival, CTV Comedy Channel also boasts some of the best late-night talk series like THE DAILY SHOW WITH TREVOR NOAH and like TACOMA FD. Website Advertise on CTV Comedy Visit website CTV Life CTV Life CTV Life Channel features fan-favourite lifestyle and DIY programming along with food series to savour. It’s home to beloved series featuring Jamie Oliver and Martha Stewart, as well as original Canadian series from Michael Bonacini to Mike Holmes and more. Website Advertise on CTV Life Visit website CTV Sci-Fi CTV Sci-Fi The go-to destination for all things genre, CTV Sci-Fi Channel takes viewers to worlds with no limits, where fans connect to incredible stories, heroes, and galaxies they only dare to imagine. CTV Sci-Fi is the exclusive Canadian home of signature series STAR TREK: DISCOVERY, DOOM PATROL, and STAR TREK: PICARD as well as the home of beloved original Canadian drama WYNONNA EARP and more. Website Advertise on CTV Sci-Fi Visit website Noovo.ca Noovo.ca Over 5,000 hours of content are now available on Noovo.ca and via the app on iOS and Android mobile devices and smart or connected TVs. This includes content from the conventional channel Noovo and from Canal D, Canal Vie, Investigation, VRAK, and Z as well as exclusive online series. Noovo.ca features most of Noovo’s daily live broadcasts, including all episodes of the news show NOOVO LE FIL. Already firmly established as a viewing destination for Quebec audiences, Noovo.ca is growing in popularity and has amassed millions of views since its launch in 2016. With the addition of specialty channels to its offering, this platform is more essential than ever for viewers. Website Advertise on Noovo.ca Visit website Noovo Moi Noovo Moi Born out of the merger of Canal Vie, Fraîchement pressé, Sympatico, Look du jour, Muramur and VoyageVoyage websites, Noovo Moi provides users with an abundance of lifestyle tips. Covering topics ranging from cooking, decorating, travel, celebrities, beauty, fashion, relationships, zero-waste lifestyles, outing ideas, health, family, gardening, astrology, fitness to personal finance advice, it is YOUR resource for all practical, informative, and entertaining content. Every day, our passionate correspondents share their most valuable tips and personal favourites. Noovo Moi is the platform for individuals seeking the latest trends. Noovo Moi brings you a wide and diversified range of articles, columns, recipes, and vlogs adapted to your reality all year round. Website Advertise on Noovo Moi Visit website CP24 CP24 We’re CP24 – Canada’s first and only 24-hour local news channel. Based in Toronto, we focus on local news from the Greater Toronto Area and Southern Ontario, but we also cover national and international news. We’re designed to keep you informed about what’s important to your city – from anywhere in the world. Website Advertise on CP24 Visit website BNN Bloomberg BNN Bloomberg The centrepiece of the Network’s programming is its comprehensive real time coverage of global market activity from a Canadian perspective. BNN – Business News Network provides constant on screen ticker information from all major Canadian, U.S. and international stock markets. Website Advertise on BNN Bloomberg Visit website Much Much Much is the hub for everything that’s relevant and trend worthy, delivering a diverse stable of irreverent and topical programming as well as exclusive live events. With its industry-leading online and social media platforms, Twitter (more than 1 million followers), Facebook (more than 1.2 million likes), Instagram (almost 70,000 followers), and the multi-channel network Much Digital Studios (more than 6 million combined subscribers), Much continues to deliver unique and entertaining content to its audience. Website Advertise on Much Visit website MTV MTV Bold, dynamic and interactive, MTV offers innovative lifestyle, talk and documentary programming. Canadian programmed and managed, Canada’s MTV is one of 49 MTV programming services around the world. MTV in Canada reflects a uniquely Canadian culture and personality through a mixture of locally produced and globally-shared programming. Website Advertise on MTV Visit website E! E! E! is top global destination for all things pop culture. E! content is available anytime and anywhere, including @EOnlineCanada, Facebook, and other emerging platforms. The pulse of pop culture, E! features a variety of programming including hit reality series, fascinating profiles of the world’s biggest stars, up-to-the-minute entertainment news, witty talk series, and the best live red carpet coverage from Canada and around the world. Website Advertise on E! Visit website Vrak Vrak As the ultimate brand for young adults in Quebec, Vrak is a true companion that’s always in tune with their dreams and passions. The website offers content that complements VRAK’s TV programming, allowing the brand to engage and interact with its target audience. Website Advertise on Vrak Visit website Z Télé Z Télé Z offers dynamic programming featuring colourful, adventurous and surreal characters. Its content entertains with a surprising, unique and accessible perspective, both on TV and online. Website Advertise on Z Télé Visit website Discovery Canada Discovery Canada With compelling real-life programming that inspires and entertains, Discovery reveals the world in all its wonder, diversity and amazement. Offering a signature mix of adrenaline-charged stories, Discovery captures the excitement of a passion for life with exceptional and immersive storytelling, and in-depth, behind-the-scenes glimpses at the extraordinary people and places that shape our world. Website Advertise on Discovery Canada Visit website The Beaverton The Beaverton THE BEAVERTON est la série de satires la plus percutante au Canada qui couvre des sujets dont vous ne saviez même pas la nécessité. Alimenté par l’esprit sans faille du créateur de TheBeaverton.com, idéateur et producteur de séries, Luke Gordon-Field, THE BEAVERTON continue de frapper en haut, en bas, à droite et à gauche de la ceinture, présentant un point de vue canadien sur des enjeux mondiaux avec des segments d’actualité d’ampleur virale. Les comédiennes et co-présentatrices, Emma Hunter et Miguel Rivas, sont prêtes à livrer les coups critiques. Website Advertise on The Beaverton Visit website Virgin Radio Virgin Radio Advertising with Virgin Radio gives you direct access to a young, highly engaged audience. Our station is home to the biggest names in the music industry. Virgin Radio offers our audience non-stop entertainment with hit music, star personalities, and massive promotions. Our listeners are early adopters of the latest trends. They are plugged into the power of “now” and the thrill of the “latest”. Speak directly to the highly sought-after younger, majority-female demographic through Virgin Radio. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on Virgin Radio Visit website Rouge FM Rouge FM With its nine stations in key Quebec markets, Rouge FM is the radio network that’s with our listeners from morning until night. Our announcers are seasoned professionals who know how to engage and challenge listeners with content that is dear to their hearts. With the addition of Véronique Cloutier, a Quebec superstar, the team is enjoying immense success with her at the forefront. Rouge FM is specifically designed to reach active consumers directly at their workplace – a unique advertising advantage. And to push the Rouge FM experience even further, our audience visits the Rouge FM website on a daily basis. Advertisers will benefit from the close relationship our listeners have with Rouge FM. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on Rouge FM Visit website ÉNERGIE ÉNERGIE ÉNERGIE is a radio station featuring musical and spoken content, delivered by a team of high-calibre hosts, that is primarily aimed at an audience aged 35 to 54. Our listeners enjoy content that entertains and informs them through humour and intelligence. Our varied and energetic musical programming features the greatest hits of the past 40 years. ÉNERGIE’s wide reach, unique format, and top content make it an excellent choice for radio advertising in the province of Quebec. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on ÉNERGIE Visit website Pure Country Pure Country Pure Country delivers the best in country from today’s biggest artists. We are Canada’s number one media destination designed for country music lovers and everything country music listeners love. Exclusive access to events, candid interviews with country megastars, and exclusive prizes and contests, all add up to one thing: Pure Country. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on Pure Country Visit website CHUM 104.5 CHUM 104.5 CHUM 104.5 plays all the best hits by today’s most famous artists. Our engaging on-air personalities and epic contests capture our listeners’ attention, and make us one of the most loved stations among a primarily female audience in Toronto. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on CHUM 104.5 Visit website BOUNCE Radio BOUNCE Radio With the music you just can’t quit, BOUNCE Radio delivers favourites from the past with hits from the 70s, 80s, 90s, and 00s as part of a national brand with 25 Canadian radio stations. Perfect for the workday and the weekend, BOUNCE Radio exists to energize people day or night, bring a smile to their face, and provide the soundtrack for their life. Curating the songs that listeners have loved for years, with local programming and information in each market, BOUNCE Radio provides nostalgia and the music people want, with lots of fun along the way. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on BOUNCE Radio Visit website MOVE MOVE MOVE Radio is the fresh, contemporary and progressive new music radio brand spanning across 10 Canadian radio stations. MOVE features the perfect blend of your favourite music, with hits from today and a few blasts from the past. MOVE offers listeners a mix of great local programming as well as MOVE RADIO’S EXCLUSIVE AT40 WITH RYAN SEACREST, featuring the Top 40 songs of the week on MOVE Radio stations across Canada. The perfect companion for your workday MOVE offers 60 minutes of non-stop music every weekday from 9-5 as well as exclusive prizes and contests to be won, MOVE Radio exists to be enjoyed and embraced by everyone. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on MOVE Visit website CJAD 800 AM CJAD 800 AM Our mission is simple: inform, entertain and provide a voice to Montrealers. CJAD 800 AM provides the most frequent news updates, traffic reports every 15 minutes, and comprehensive weather. Our experienced and well-known presenters know how to engage and challenge our listeners. With an informed audience tuned into local events, we are the perfect platform for your radio advertising in Montreal. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on CJAD 800 AM Visit website CFRA 580 CFRA 580 CFRA 580 is home to Ottawa’s breaking news. Wake up with Bill Carroll on The Morning Rush and drive home with Evan Solomon on Ottawa Now. CFRA 580 is your trusted source for breaking news as it happens. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on CFRA 580 Visit website The Bear The Bear At The Bear, our highly entertaining on-air personalities push the limits on all subjects and invite listeners to do the same. We are the talk of the town with our “out of the box” stunting promotions and wild antics on-air, online, and on the street. We keep the conversation open through Facebook, Twitter, and live on air. Radio advertising on The Bear is the perfect way to reach an engaged, majority-male audience in Alberta. Advertise on The Bear Visit website CHOM 97.7 CHOM 97.7 With a solid reputation built on classic rock hits, this English-language station has inspired and influenced more than one generation of listeners. Today, CHOM continues the evolution of rock by delivering all the hits from the 1970’s right up until today. Now, more than ever, CHOM brings people together in celebration of one thing… the spirit of rock. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on CHOM 97.7 Visit website AM800 AM800 AM800 keeps the Windsor-Essex area informed and involved, around the clock. Home to Windsor’s #1 Morning Show, AM800 gives the local, Canadian perspective in an ocean of U.S. media. Our audience is in touch with their community, and AM800’s talk programming addresses issues that are specific to us and what local listeners are talking about. With a comprehensive local focus on news, community issues and information as well as specially selected syndicated programming, AM800 is the perfect way to reach your audience in Windsor through radio advertising. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on AM800 Visit website CJAY 92 CJAY 92 Playing a selection of the greatest classic rock hits, CJAY 92 has been a trusted fixture of the Calgary radio landscape for over 30 years. Our listeners work hard, play hard, and make no apologies for who they are. Our on air team is both irreverent and self-deprecating, and is consistently the talk of the town as we let loose every day. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on CJAY 92 Visit website Sun FM Sun FM Sun FM entertains our in-the-know listener base with great local personalities, hit music and fun promotions, all while interacting with the BC interior’s largest social media following. We deliver non-stop hit music, and keep our audience in the know about what’s happening in the world, and right at home in their community. By partnering with us, brands can connect with trendsetting consumers who are interested in the next big thing. Advertise on Sun FM Visit website Boom FM Boom FM The new Boom FM plays the best musical variety on the airwaves, playing music from the greatest hits of the 60s and 70s all the way to today’s chart-toppers. We also keep our listeners plugged in, both locally and regionally, with all the latest news and happenings. The boomfm.com website is also very popular with our local listener base. With 2 stations in the region, Boom FM is the heartbeat of Monteregie. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on Boom FM Visit website 97.7 HTZ FM 97.7 HTZ FM 97.7 HTZ FM is Southern Ontario’s Best Rock – a heritage rock station, trusted in the region for decades. 90s Rock is the core of what you’ll hear on HTZ-FM, complemented with 70s and 80s Classic Rock, the best of Millennial Rock, and choice New Rock tracks. Our on-air staff is anchored by the Soper and Brown Show… A show specifically designed to star you… the listener. Interactive, engaging and entertaining. Matt Soper and Carl Brown will wake up Niagara, Hamilton and the GTA every weekday morning. The HTZ FM brand is legendary, and will help your business attract a loyal and active audience. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on 97.7 HTZ FM Visit website CFAX 1070 CFAX 1070 At CFAX 1070, our weeks are packed full of top-quality content. Hot-topic talk segments and newscasts are on air Monday through Friday. Then, in the evenings, we become Victoria’s headquarters for professional and local sports coverage. On weekends, we entertain listeners with a variety of lifestyle shows. Our engaging mix of content makes CFAX 1070 the perfect platform for radio advertising in Victoria. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on CFAX 1070 Visit website AM 1150 AM 1150 Reach an informed and engaged audience with radio advertising on AM 1150. We are a market leader in Kelowna, with multiple active online feeds providing the latest news notifications. When news breaks in the Okanagan Valley, AM 1150 is the first choice for listeners counting on reliable and up-to-the-minute coverage. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on AM 1150 Visit website BNN Bloomberg Radio BNN Bloomberg Radio BNN Bloomberg combines the best of BNN’s Canadian programming with Bloomberg’s unparalleled US, European and Asian content. Audiences benefit from in-depth coverage of the financial markets, coupled with insightful interviews with newsmakers, analysts and corporate executives. Radio advertising on BNN Bloomberg offers a unique opportunity to connect with affluent and highly-educated consumers in Canada. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on BNN Bloomberg Radio Visit website AM580 AM580 AM580 is the perfect way to reach an engaged and loyal audience in Windsor through radio advertising. We are the Motor City station for great fun and great “oldies”. Finally, there’s a Detroit-Windsor radio station dedicated to playing the greatest hits of all time. We broadcast every day from the legendary studios of the “Big 8”! AM580 has the largest on-air music library in town, and has an excellent relationship with our loyal listener base. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on AM580 Visit website FUNNY FUNNY Reach comedy-loving audiences throughout the day with radio advertising on FUNNY. Hosted by the world’s top comedians, the goal of FUNNY is to deliver a laugh a minute. Our rapid-fire, brief comedic bits are designed for today’s shortened attention spans, and the universal appeal of comedy draws listeners from a multitude of demographics. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on FUNNY Visit website 01 | 4 TSN TSN TSN is the first choice for serious sports fans, whether it’s to find out the latest information on their favourite team, or to engage with the biggest sports issues happening now. Our hosts are connected, informed and opinionated, giving our listeners an earful of what they crave – spirited sports coverage. With radio advertising on TSN, you can connect with sports fans across Canada. Website Advertise on TSN Visit website CTV CTV CTV is Canada’s #1 private broadcaster. Featuring a wide range of quality news, sports, information, and entertainment programming, CTV has been Canada’s most-watched television network for the past 19 years in a row. Website Advertise on CTV Visit website CTV News CTV News CTV News is Canada’s most-watched news organization both locally and nationally, and has a network of national, international, and local news operations. Website Advertise on CTV News Visit website CTV Drama CTV Drama Bingeable and buzzyworthy, CTV Drama Channel features premium scripted series, as well as some of the most dramatic and can’t-miss moments in unscripted television. CTV Drama Channel is the exclusive home of award-winning and highly acclaimed series THE HANDMAID’S TALE, KILLING EVE, and the fan-favourite PROJECT RUNWAY franchise. Website Advertise on CTV Drama Visit website CTV Comedy CTV Comedy CTV Comedy Channel delivers every flavour of funny with A-list stand-up, hilarious late-night talk shows, favourite sitcoms, and hit movies. The home of original comedy CORNER GAS ANIMATED and fresh stand-up captured every year at Montréal’s Just For Laughs Festival, CTV Comedy Channel also boasts some of the best late-night talk series like THE DAILY SHOW WITH TREVOR NOAH and like TACOMA FD. Website Advertise on CTV Comedy Visit website CTV Life CTV Life CTV Life Channel features fan-favourite lifestyle and DIY programming along with food series to savour. It’s home to beloved series featuring Jamie Oliver and Martha Stewart, as well as original Canadian series from Michael Bonacini to Mike Holmes and more. Website Advertise on CTV Life Visit website CTV Sci-Fi CTV Sci-Fi The go-to destination for all things genre, CTV Sci-Fi Channel takes viewers to worlds with no limits, where fans connect to incredible stories, heroes, and galaxies they only dare to imagine. CTV Sci-Fi is the exclusive Canadian home of signature series STAR TREK: DISCOVERY, DOOM PATROL, and STAR TREK: PICARD as well as the home of beloved original Canadian drama WYNONNA EARP and more. Website Advertise on CTV Sci-Fi Visit website CP24 CP24 We’re CP24 – Canada’s first and only 24-hour local news channel. Based in Toronto, we focus on local news from the Greater Toronto Area and Southern Ontario, but we also cover national and international news. We’re designed to keep you informed about what’s important to your city – from anywhere in the world. Website Advertise on CP24 Visit website BNN Bloomberg BNN Bloomberg The centrepiece of the Network’s programming is its comprehensive real time coverage of global market activity from a Canadian perspective. BNN – Business News Network provides constant on screen ticker information from all major Canadian, U.S. and international stock markets. Website Advertise on BNN Bloomberg Visit website Much Much Much is the hub for everything that’s relevant and trend worthy, delivering a diverse stable of irreverent and topical programming as well as exclusive live events. With its industry-leading online and social media platforms, Twitter (more than 1 million followers), Facebook (more than 1.2 million likes), Instagram (almost 70,000 followers), and the multi-channel network Much Digital Studios (more than 6 million combined subscribers), Much continues to deliver unique and entertaining content to its audience. Website Advertise on Much Visit website MTV MTV Bold, dynamic and interactive, MTV offers innovative lifestyle, talk and documentary programming. Canadian programmed and managed, Canada’s MTV is one of 49 MTV programming services around the world. MTV in Canada reflects a uniquely Canadian culture and personality through a mixture of locally produced and globally-shared programming. Website Advertise on MTV Visit website E! E! E! is top global destination for all things pop culture. E! content is available anytime and anywhere, including @EOnlineCanada, Facebook, and other emerging platforms. The pulse of pop culture, E! features a variety of programming including hit reality series, fascinating profiles of the world’s biggest stars, up-to-the-minute entertainment news, witty talk series, and the best live red carpet coverage from Canada and around the world. Website Advertise on E! Visit website Discovery Canada Discovery Canada With compelling real-life programming that inspires and entertains, Discovery reveals the world in all its wonder, diversity and amazement. Offering a signature mix of adrenaline-charged stories, Discovery captures the excitement of a passion for life with exceptional and immersive storytelling, and in-depth, behind-the-scenes glimpses at the extraordinary people and places that shape our world. Website Advertise on Discovery Canada Visit website The Beaverton The Beaverton THE BEAVERTON est la série de satires la plus percutante au Canada qui couvre des sujets dont vous ne saviez même pas la nécessité. Alimenté par l’esprit sans faille du créateur de TheBeaverton.com, idéateur et producteur de séries, Luke Gordon-Field, THE BEAVERTON continue de frapper en haut, en bas, à droite et à gauche de la ceinture, présentant un point de vue canadien sur des enjeux mondiaux avec des segments d’actualité d’ampleur virale. Les comédiennes et co-présentatrices, Emma Hunter et Miguel Rivas, sont prêtes à livrer les coups critiques. Website Advertise on The Beaverton Visit website Virgin Radio Virgin Radio Advertising with Virgin Radio gives you direct access to a young, highly engaged audience. Our station is home to the biggest names in the music industry. Virgin Radio offers our audience non-stop entertainment with hit music, star personalities, and massive promotions. Our listeners are early adopters of the latest trends. They are plugged into the power of “now” and the thrill of the “latest”. Speak directly to the highly sought-after younger, majority-female demographic through Virgin Radio. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on Virgin Radio Visit website Pure Country Pure Country Pure Country delivers the best in country from today’s biggest artists. We are Canada’s number one media destination designed for country music lovers and everything country music listeners love. Exclusive access to events, candid interviews with country megastars, and exclusive prizes and contests, all add up to one thing: Pure Country. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on Pure Country Visit website CHUM 104.5 CHUM 104.5 CHUM 104.5 plays all the best hits by today’s most famous artists. Our engaging on-air personalities and epic contests capture our listeners’ attention, and make us one of the most loved stations among a primarily female audience in Toronto. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on CHUM 104.5 Visit website BOUNCE Radio BOUNCE Radio With the music you just can’t quit, BOUNCE Radio delivers favourites from the past with hits from the 70s, 80s, 90s, and 00s as part of a national brand with 25 Canadian radio stations. Perfect for the workday and the weekend, BOUNCE Radio exists to energize people day or night, bring a smile to their face, and provide the soundtrack for their life. Curating the songs that listeners have loved for years, with local programming and information in each market, BOUNCE Radio provides nostalgia and the music people want, with lots of fun along the way. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on BOUNCE Radio Visit website MOVE MOVE MOVE Radio is the fresh, contemporary and progressive new music radio brand spanning across 10 Canadian radio stations. MOVE features the perfect blend of your favourite music, with hits from today and a few blasts from the past. MOVE offers listeners a mix of great local programming as well as MOVE RADIO’S EXCLUSIVE AT40 WITH RYAN SEACREST, featuring the Top 40 songs of the week on MOVE Radio stations across Canada. The perfect companion for your workday MOVE offers 60 minutes of non-stop music every weekday from 9-5 as well as exclusive prizes and contests to be won, MOVE Radio exists to be enjoyed and embraced by everyone. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on MOVE Visit website CJAD 800 AM CJAD 800 AM Our mission is simple: inform, entertain and provide a voice to Montrealers. CJAD 800 AM provides the most frequent news updates, traffic reports every 15 minutes, and comprehensive weather. Our experienced and well-known presenters know how to engage and challenge our listeners. With an informed audience tuned into local events, we are the perfect platform for your radio advertising in Montreal. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on CJAD 800 AM Visit website CFRA 580 CFRA 580 CFRA 580 is home to Ottawa’s breaking news. Wake up with Bill Carroll on The Morning Rush and drive home with Evan Solomon on Ottawa Now. CFRA 580 is your trusted source for breaking news as it happens. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on CFRA 580 Visit website The Bear The Bear At The Bear, our highly entertaining on-air personalities push the limits on all subjects and invite listeners to do the same. We are the talk of the town with our “out of the box” stunting promotions and wild antics on-air, online, and on the street. We keep the conversation open through Facebook, Twitter, and live on air. Radio advertising on The Bear is the perfect way to reach an engaged, majority-male audience in Alberta. Advertise on The Bear Visit website CHOM 97.7 CHOM 97.7 With a solid reputation built on classic rock hits, this English-language station has inspired and influenced more than one generation of listeners. Today, CHOM continues the evolution of rock by delivering all the hits from the 1970’s right up until today. Now, more than ever, CHOM brings people together in celebration of one thing… the spirit of rock. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on CHOM 97.7 Visit website AM800 AM800 AM800 keeps the Windsor-Essex area informed and involved, around the clock. Home to Windsor’s #1 Morning Show, AM800 gives the local, Canadian perspective in an ocean of U.S. media. Our audience is in touch with their community, and AM800’s talk programming addresses issues that are specific to us and what local listeners are talking about. With a comprehensive local focus on news, community issues and information as well as specially selected syndicated programming, AM800 is the perfect way to reach your audience in Windsor through radio advertising. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on AM800 Visit website CJAY 92 CJAY 92 Playing a selection of the greatest classic rock hits, CJAY 92 has been a trusted fixture of the Calgary radio landscape for over 30 years. Our listeners work hard, play hard, and make no apologies for who they are. Our on air team is both irreverent and self-deprecating, and is consistently the talk of the town as we let loose every day. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on CJAY 92 Visit website Sun FM Sun FM Sun FM entertains our in-the-know listener base with great local personalities, hit music and fun promotions, all while interacting with the BC interior’s largest social media following. We deliver non-stop hit music, and keep our audience in the know about what’s happening in the world, and right at home in their community. By partnering with us, brands can connect with trendsetting consumers who are interested in the next big thing. Advertise on Sun FM Visit website 97.7 HTZ FM 97.7 HTZ FM 97.7 HTZ FM is Southern Ontario’s Best Rock – a heritage rock station, trusted in the region for decades. 90s Rock is the core of what you’ll hear on HTZ-FM, complemented with 70s and 80s Classic Rock, the best of Millennial Rock, and choice New Rock tracks. Our on-air staff is anchored by the Soper and Brown Show… A show specifically designed to star you… the listener. Interactive, engaging and entertaining. Matt Soper and Carl Brown will wake up Niagara, Hamilton and the GTA every weekday morning. The HTZ FM brand is legendary, and will help your business attract a loyal and active audience. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on 97.7 HTZ FM Visit website CFAX 1070 CFAX 1070 At CFAX 1070, our weeks are packed full of top-quality content. Hot-topic talk segments and newscasts are on air Monday through Friday. Then, in the evenings, we become Victoria’s headquarters for professional and local sports coverage. On weekends, we entertain listeners with a variety of lifestyle shows. Our engaging mix of content makes CFAX 1070 the perfect platform for radio advertising in Victoria. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on CFAX 1070 Visit website AM 1150 AM 1150 Reach an informed and engaged audience with radio advertising on AM 1150. We are a market leader in Kelowna, with multiple active online feeds providing the latest news notifications. When news breaks in the Okanagan Valley, AM 1150 is the first choice for listeners counting on reliable and up-to-the-minute coverage. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on AM 1150 Visit website BNN Bloomberg Radio BNN Bloomberg Radio BNN Bloomberg combines the best of BNN’s Canadian programming with Bloomberg’s unparalleled US, European and Asian content. Audiences benefit from in-depth coverage of the financial markets, coupled with insightful interviews with newsmakers, analysts and corporate executives. Radio advertising on BNN Bloomberg offers a unique opportunity to connect with affluent and highly-educated consumers in Canada. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on BNN Bloomberg Radio Visit website AM580 AM580 AM580 is the perfect way to reach an engaged and loyal audience in Windsor through radio advertising. We are the Motor City station for great fun and great “oldies”. Finally, there’s a Detroit-Windsor radio station dedicated to playing the greatest hits of all time. We broadcast every day from the legendary studios of the “Big 8”! AM580 has the largest on-air music library in town, and has an excellent relationship with our loyal listener base. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on AM580 Visit website FUNNY FUNNY Reach comedy-loving audiences throughout the day with radio advertising on FUNNY. Hosted by the world’s top comedians, the goal of FUNNY is to deliver a laugh a minute. Our rapid-fire, brief comedic bits are designed for today’s shortened attention spans, and the universal appeal of comedy draws listeners from a multitude of demographics. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on FUNNY Visit website 01 | 3 RDS RDS RDS is Canada’s French-language sports broadcasting leader and Québec’s #1 specialty network. In addition to its world-class content delivered across multiple platforms, including RDS, RDS2, RDS Info, RDS.ca and RDS GO, RDS offers the broadest portfolio of French-language sports programming in the world. Website Advertise on RDS Visit website Noovo.ca Noovo.ca Over 5,000 hours of content are now available on Noovo.ca and via the app on iOS and Android mobile devices and smart or connected TVs. This includes content from the conventional channel Noovo and from Canal D, Canal Vie, Investigation, VRAK, and Z as well as exclusive online series. Noovo.ca features most of Noovo’s daily live broadcasts, including all episodes of the news show NOOVO LE FIL. Already firmly established as a viewing destination for Quebec audiences, Noovo.ca is growing in popularity and has amassed millions of views since its launch in 2016. With the addition of specialty channels to its offering, this platform is more essential than ever for viewers. Website Advertise on Noovo.ca Visit website Noovo Moi Noovo Moi Born out of the merger of Canal Vie, Fraîchement pressé, Sympatico, Look du jour, Muramur and VoyageVoyage websites, Noovo Moi provides users with an abundance of lifestyle tips. Covering topics ranging from cooking, decorating, travel, celebrities, beauty, fashion, relationships, zero-waste lifestyles, outing ideas, health, family, gardening, astrology, fitness to personal finance advice, it is YOUR resource for all practical, informative, and entertaining content. Every day, our passionate correspondents share their most valuable tips and personal favourites. Noovo Moi is the platform for individuals seeking the latest trends. Noovo Moi brings you a wide and diversified range of articles, columns, recipes, and vlogs adapted to your reality all year round. Website Advertise on Noovo Moi Visit website Vrak Vrak As the ultimate brand for young adults in Quebec, Vrak is a true companion that’s always in tune with their dreams and passions. The website offers content that complements VRAK’s TV programming, allowing the brand to engage and interact with its target audience. Website Advertise on Vrak Visit website Z Télé Z Télé Z offers dynamic programming featuring colourful, adventurous and surreal characters. Its content entertains with a surprising, unique and accessible perspective, both on TV and online. Website Advertise on Z Télé Visit website Rouge FM Rouge FM With its nine stations in key Quebec markets, Rouge FM is the radio network that’s with our listeners from morning until night. Our announcers are seasoned professionals who know how to engage and challenge listeners with content that is dear to their hearts. With the addition of Véronique Cloutier, a Quebec superstar, the team is enjoying immense success with her at the forefront. Rouge FM is specifically designed to reach active consumers directly at their workplace – a unique advertising advantage. And to push the Rouge FM experience even further, our audience visits the Rouge FM website on a daily basis. Advertisers will benefit from the close relationship our listeners have with Rouge FM. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on Rouge FM Visit website ÉNERGIE ÉNERGIE ÉNERGIE is a radio station featuring musical and spoken content, delivered by a team of high-calibre hosts, that is primarily aimed at an audience aged 35 to 54. Our listeners enjoy content that entertains and informs them through humour and intelligence. Our varied and energetic musical programming features the greatest hits of the past 40 years. ÉNERGIE’s wide reach, unique format, and top content make it an excellent choice for radio advertising in the province of Quebec. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on ÉNERGIE Visit website Boom FM Boom FM The new Boom FM plays the best musical variety on the airwaves, playing music from the greatest hits of the 60s and 70s all the way to today’s chart-toppers. We also keep our listeners plugged in, both locally and regionally, with all the latest news and happenings. The boomfm.com website is also very popular with our local listener base. With 2 stations in the region, Boom FM is the heartbeat of Monteregie. You can also reach online listeners with the station’s digital iHeart radio platform. Advertise on Boom FM Visit website Precise targeting, actionable insights and measurable results Learn more Digital advertising formats Bell Media is at the forefront of digital innovation with exciting new ad formats designed to capture user attention. Select a category Display advertising Display advertising Reach digital natives with banner ads, or choose from a variety of innovative ad units to make your campaign stand out on our high-traffic websites. Advertise With Us Learn more Mobile advertising Mobile advertising Capture consumer attention on the go with in-app mobile advertising. With many popular digital apps and platforms to choose from, your creative will reach mass audiences in a brand-safe environment. Advertise With Us Learn more Video ads Video ads Engage your audience with a variety of dynamic video formats, compatible with desktop, mobile web, mobile app, and Connected TV. Our video assets provide the right context, reach and targeting. Advertise With Us Learn more Programmatic Programmatic Deliver data-driven, targeted experiences to your customers in real time with programmatic advertising. Choose between our Premium Private Marketplace (PMP) and Programmatic Guaranteed (PG) options, for a campaign that fits your goals and budget. Advertise With Us Learn more Native advertising Native advertising With native advertising, your messaging is integrated with Bell Media content in-feed and in-article allowing you to reach highly engaged customers in a seamless fashion. Advertise With Us Learn more E-blast/newsletter E-blast/newsletter Reach an audience of over half a million Canadians with Bell Media’s “The Insider”. This high-distribution newsletter performs well above industry standards for acquisition campaigns. Advertise With Us Learn more Bell Media GeoMobile Bell Media GeoMobile Reach your customers at key points in the marketing funnel with Bell Media’s proprietary geolocation technology. Our new solution offers insights that you won’t get anywhere else. Advertise With Us Learn more Download advertising specifications Bell Media Digital Advertising Specifications pdf Bell Media follows IAB guidelines for digital advertising Visit website Tools and specifications Advertise with us Close the current modal window Advertise with us Thank you for your interest in Bell Media. Please fill in the form below to let us know more about your advertising needs. Only requests related to advertising sales will be followed upon. Required fields are marked with an asterisk (*) 1 Select the platform to advertise on (one or more) Select a platform Digital Out-of-Home (including all types of billboards) Radio Television Multiplatforms Brand Partnerships (including influencer marketing) Bell Marketing Platform Some fields are invalid 2 Select the location to target (one or more) Select a province* Quebec Ontario Alberta Nova Scotia British Columbia Manitoba National (all markets) Other I'm not sure yet Select a city* Montreal Quebec Sherbrooke Trois-Rivières Other Toronto Ottawa Other Edmonton Calgary Other Halifax Other Vancouver/ Victoria Other Winnipeg Other I'm not sure yet Some fields are invalid 2 Select the location to target (one or more) Select a province* Quebec Ontario Alberta Nova Scotia British Columbia Manitoba National (all markets) Other I'm not sure yet Select a city* Montreal Quebec Sherbrooke Trois-Rivières Other Toronto Ottawa Other Edmonton Calgary Other Halifax Other Vancouver/ Victoria Other Winnipeg Other I'm not sure yet Some fields are invalid 2 Select the location to target (one or more) Select a province* Quebec Ontario Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New-Brunswick Nova Scotia Saskatchewan National (all markets) Other I'm not sure yet Select a city* Montreal Montérégie Quebec Gatineau-Ottawa Abitibi Rouyn Val d’or Saguenay -Lac-Saint-Jean Amqui Rimouski Mauricie Drummondville Estrie Other Toronto Brockville Hamilton Kingston Kitchener-Waterloo Lindsay London Pembroke Peterborough St. Catharines-Niagara Windsor Barrie Gatineau-Ottawa Anglo Owen Sound Sudbury Other Calgary Edmonton Other Dawson Creek Fort Nelson Fort St. John Golden / Invermere Kelowna Kitimat Nelson Osoyos / Olivier Penticton Prince Rupert Princeton Revelstoke Salmon Arm Summerland Terrace Trail / Castelgar Vancouver Vernon Victoria Merritt Other Brandon Winnipeg Other Bathurst Fredericton Grand-Sault Woodstock Other Halifax Truro Other Regina Other I'm not sure yet Some fields are invalid 2 Select the location to target (one or more) Select a province* Quebec Ontario Alberta Nova Scotia British Columbia Manitoba National (all markets) Other I'm not sure yet Select a city* Montreal Quebec Sherbrooke Trois-Rivières Other Toronto Ottawa Other Edmonton Calgary Other Halifax Other Vancouver/ Victoria Other Winnipeg Other I'm not sure yet Some fields are invalid 2 Select the location to target (one or more) Select a province* Quebec Ontario Nova Scotia New-Brunswick British Columbia Alberta Saskatchewan National (all markets) Other I'm not sure yet Select a city* Montreal Montreal / Estrie Quebec Saguenay Mauricie Other Toronto Barrie Kitchener London Ottawa North Bay Sault Ste. Marie Sudbury Timmins Other Halifax Sydney/Cape Breton Other Moncton Saint John Fredericton Other Vancouver/Victoria Other Calgary Edmonton Lethbridge Other Prince Albert Regina Saskatoon Yorkton Other I'm not sure yet Some fields are invalid 2 Select the location to target (one or more) Select a province* Quebec Ontario Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New-Brunswick Nova Scotia Saskatchewan National (all markets) Other I'm not sure yet Select a city* Montreal Montérégie Quebec Gatineau-Ottawa Abitibi Rouyn Val d’or Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean Amqui Rimouski Mauricie Drummondville Estrie Other Toronto Barrie Brockville Gatineau-Ottawa Hamilton Kingston Kitchener-Waterloo Lindsay London North Bay Ottawa Owen Sound Pembroke Peterborough Sault Ste. Marie Sudbury Timmins St. Catharines-Niagara Windsor Other Calgary Edmonton Lethbridge Other Dawson Creek Fort Nelson Fort St. John Golden / Invermere Kelowna Kitimat Nelson Osoyos / Olivier Penticton Prince Rupert Princeton Revelstoke Salmon Arm Summerland Terrace Trail / Castelgar Vancouver Vernon Victoria Merritt Other Brandon Winnipeg Other Bathurst Fredericton Grand-Sault Moncton Saint John Woodstock Other Halifax Truro Sydney/Cape Breton Other Prince Albert Regina Saskatoon Yorkton Other I'm not sure yet Some fields are invalid 2 Select the location to target (one or more) Select a province* Quebec Ontario Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New-Brunswick Nova Scotia Saskatchewan National (all markets) Other I'm not sure yet Select a city* Montreal Montérégie Quebec Gatineau-Ottawa Abitibi Rouyn Val d’or Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean Amqui Rimouski Mauricie Drummondville Estrie Other Toronto Barrie Brockville Gatineau-Ottawa Hamilton Kingston Kitchener-Waterloo Lindsay London North Bay Ottawa Owen Sound Pembroke Peterborough Sault Ste. Marie Sudbury Timmins St. Catharines-Niagara Windsor Other Calgary Edmonton Lethbridge Other Dawson Creek Fort Nelson Fort St. John Golden / Invermere Kelowna Kitimat Nelson Osoyos / Olivier Penticton Prince Rupert Princeton Revelstoke Salmon Arm Summerland Terrace Trail / Castelgar Vancouver Vernon Victoria Merritt Other Brandon Winnipeg Other Bathurst Fredericton Grand-Sault Moncton Saint John Woodstock Other Halifax Truro Sydney/Cape Breton Other Prince Albert Regina Saskatoon Yorkton Other I'm not sure yet Some fields are invalid 3 Contact details Select a country Canada USA UK France Other Some fields are invalid Thanks for contacting us! We will get in touch with you shortly. Continue to navigate. What are you looking for? Search Filters ▴ All Television Radio Astral/Out of Home Digital 0 result(s) 1 >> No results found for "keyword" Contact us Interested in advertising with Bell Media? Contact us today. Sales inquiries See our sales offices Frequently asked questions Where would my digital advertising campaign appear? Why advertise online with Bell Media? See all FAQ Follow Bell Media The Lede Today’s Lede Stories News Team Bell Marketing Platform Home Analytics DSP SAM TV Get started Login Advertising sales Television advertising Radio advertising Astral / Out-of-home Digital advertising Brand partnerships Bell Media About us Producer guidelines Diversity in production Community investment Closed captioning Privacy policy Bell Media website terms and conditions BCE accessibility services You will be redirected to the BCE accessibility page. Go now Cancel © 2022 All rights reserved.
