https://www.cbc.ca/kidsnews/post/dog-sells-his-mansion-for-41-million.-but-was-it-fake-news
Dog sells his mansion for $41-million. But was it fake news? | Article | Kids News Hide Search Search CBC Kids News SEARCH CBC Kids News Hot Topics Topics KN Explains #GoodNews #WeirdNews Animals Gaming Sports Indigenous Stories Climate Change Mental Health War in Ukraine Science Search Dog sells his mansion for $41-million. But was it fake news? Story by CBC Kids News • 2022-01-03 06:00 The Associated Press and other news outlets fell for it ⭐️HERE’S WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW⭐️ The story about a millionaire dog selling a $41-million mansion turned out to be a publicity stunt. A man named Maurizio Mian came up with it more than 20 years ago to promote real estate sales and other projects. Reporters at The Associated Press immediately published a correction after falling for the fake story. This is an example of misinformation that can spread easily without checking the facts first. Keep scrolling to see if you can spot more fake news. ⬇️ ⬇️ ⬇️ Would you be interested in a story about a millionaire dog selling a mansion? Who wouldn’t! Unfortunately, it was fake news and reporters at The Associated Press fell for it. In early November, the non-profit news agency based in New York published a story about a dog named Gunther VI who was selling a mansion in Miami, Florida, for millions of dollars. Too bad it was all part of a publicity stunt. Aside from it being an outrageous myth, it’s also an example of how disinformation (when false information is created on purpose to trick people) gets spread as misinformation (when information is shared by people who don’t realize it’s fake). This German shepherd is among a line of dogs that have been part of a long-running publicity stunt spanning more than 20 years. (Image credit: Lynne Sladky/The Associated Press) The story of the millionaire dog The tale starts more than 20 years ago with a line of German shepherds that have all been named Gunther. Fiction has it that a multi-million-dollar inheritance to the Gunther-named dogs was set up by their owner, a German countess named Karlotta Liebenstein, because she wanted her dog and its next generation of pups to be taken care of. Last November, ﻿The Associated Press reported that a Miami mansion worth about $41 million and owned by Gunther VI was up for sale — a luxurious home once owned by Madonna that the dog allegedly bought off her for $9.7 million back in 2000. Turns out, the whole thing was a decades-long scheme created by Maurizio Mian, the heir to an Italian pharmaceutical company, who made it up to promote real estate sales and other projects. This nine-bedroom mansion previously owned by Madonna is among other luxurious homes that the millionaire dog publicity stunt has promoted. (Image credit: Lynne Sladky/The Associated Press) How the story got picked up ﻿The Associated Press heard about it from a press release they received from publicists representing the real estate agents in charge of selling the mansion. According to Miami-Dade County property records, the mansion is in fact owned and being sold by the Gunther Corp., but the dog’s role is nothing more than the publicity stunt that it is. In 1995 and 1999, Mian admitted to two different newspapers that Gunther was fake. And ﻿The Associated Press found no evidence that the German countess ever existed. Monkey sightings in P.E.I. were fake news The news agency pulled down the story as soon as it realized the mistake. In a statement, ﻿The Associated Press spokeswoman Lauren Easton said, “The AP published a story that did not meet our standards and should not have been published. We did not do our due diligence in the reporting process. We have corrected the story, and we apologize.” Other news outlets, like the Toronto Sun and ABC News, also fell for the long-standing publicity stunt. Even Madonna posted a disappointed look on her Instagram story with a caption that said, “When you find out a dog is selling your old house for 3 times the amount you sold it for!” In 1999, The Miami Herald reported that Gunther IV was trying to purchase a mansion from Guardians of the Galaxy actor Sylvester Stallone. The daily newspaper wrote the next day that it was just a publicity stunt. (Image credit: Lynne Sladky/The Associated Press) Fixing their mistake Reporters make mistakes, but professional journalists are bound by rules that require them to be upfront about it as soon as it happens and correct it. To check the facts, The Associated Press tried to call Mian, but no one answered the number listed as his Italian cellphone number. They also reached out to Monica Tirado, president of Gunther Corp., and Carla Riccitelli, Mian’s ex who described herself to ﻿The Associated Press as Gunther’s handler. Tirado said she couldn’t answer further questions about the dog or the German countess because of an “exclusive contract with a Netflix production.” ﻿The Associated Press did not receive a comment from Netflix for details about any production. WATCH — How to tell the difference between real and fake news Test your skills ﻿The Associated Press does make an effort to identify and flag fake news on a regular basis. In fact, their staff compile a list of fake news stories every week in a feature called Not Real News. CBC Kids News used some of those stories to build a fake news quiz. ﻿Try it yourself! QUIZ — Can you tell real news from fake news? Have more questions? ﻿We'll do our best to look into it for you. Ask for permission from your parent or guardian and email us at cbckidsnews@cbc.ca. With files from The Associated Press TOP IMAGE CREDIT: Lynne Sladky/The Associated Press, graphic design by Allison Cake Get your class on the same page, add this to Google Classroom Send us feedback Report a typo or inaccuracy Was this story worth reading? More Stories You Might Like Is this fake or real? Tips on how to spot fake election news 2019-09-23 07:00 Is this fake or real? Tips on how to spot fake election news 2019-09-23 07:00 Is this fake or real? Tips on how to spot fake election news 2019-09-23 07:00 How to tell if a viral video is fake 2018-11-22 07:00 How to tell if a viral video is fake 2018-11-22 07:00 How to tell if a viral video is fake 2018-11-22 07:00 RECAP — That Back to the Future video with Tom Holland you saw is a deepfake 2020-02-21 17:38 RECAP — That Back to the Future video with Tom Holland you saw is a deepfake 2020-02-21 17:38 RECAP — That Back to the Future video with Tom Holland you saw is a deepfake 2020-02-21 17:38 Invite CBC Kids News into YOUR classroom Register for a fun and engaging lesson on how news is produced. CLICK HERE > Sign up for the KN Newsletter Get the latest stories delivered to your inbox every Friday. CLICK HERE > Privacy Policy Terms of use Copyright policy Other policies Contact us About Us Feedback form © 2022 CBC Kids News back to top close this modal You are now leaving the CBC Kids News Website. Cancel Okay Cancel Submit close this modal
