https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/doug-ford-government-will-appeal-ontario-court-decision-to-strike-down-bill-124-1.6173578
Doug Ford to appeal decision on Bill 124 | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Toronto Close TORONTO Search Search CTV Toronto Close News Latest News All News CTV News Investigates Weather Queen's Park Consumer Alert Traffic Toy Mountain Gas Prices Video Latest All Video Consumer Alert Health CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. A spokesperson for the Attorney General told CP24 that "we are reviewing the decision. Our intention is to appeal." Justice Markus Koehnen delivered his 80-page decision Tuesday afternoon, saying Bill 124 infringes on the applicants' rights to freedom of association and collective bargaining. “The Charter protects not just the right to associate but also the right to a meaningful process in which unions can put on the table those issues that are of concern to workers and have them discussed in good faith,” Koehnen said. Several unions and workers affected by the bill have been fighting the legislation that came into effect in 2019 and capped wage increases to one per cent a year for three years. Download our app to get local alerts on your device Get the latest local updates right to your inbox The government had said the bill was a time-limited approach to help eliminate the province’s deficit. Last September, groups representing thousands of public sector employees went to court to fight the constitutionality of the bill. The groups argued the bill violates a section of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms that protects meaningful collective bargaining. The province, however, argued the bill does not interfere with the groups' ability to bargain for job security, benefits and seniority. After a long battle to get to today’s decision, Registered Nurses' Association of Ontario CEO Doris Grinspun said she is urging Premier Doug Ford not to appeal. "Please do not appeal, premier, to the court's decision. You know the situation in Ontario and with the shortage of workers everywhere, and in particular in the health-care field. And more so even in nursing. Please do not, do not appeal the bill," Grinspun told CP24. Interim leader of the Liberal Party of Ontario, John Fraser, agreed that the government shouldn’t appeal and instead should work with unions to come to an agreement. "The government shouldn't appeal this ruling. It should just sit down with all the workers affected and come to a fair deal," he told reporters at Queen's Park. Both the Green Party and the NDP also released statements calling on Ford not to appeal today’s decision. In response to the decision, Unifor, Canada’s largest private sector union, tweeted it will be "seeking remedies for affected members.” Meanwhile, The Elementary Teachers’ Federation of Ontario said in a statement that it continues to engage in the central bargaining process with the government, the Ontario Public School Boards’ Association, and the Council of Trustees’ Associations. HEALTH-CARE WORKERS HOLD RALLY OUTSIDE SUNNYBROOK HOSPITAL The court’s decision comes after frontline health-care workers held a rally outside of Toronto’s Sunnybrook Hospital Tuesday afternoon to continue their fight for better wages and more staffing to address the ongoing hospital crisis across the province. “It's been a long three years…We've been overworked and it's been constant. We've been short. You know, it's been tough,” Operating Room Assistant Sherica Washington said. READ MORE: Ontario to pay additional $8 billion in wages if Bill 124 court challenge lost, report finds Dozens of workers attended the rally outside of the hospital, including registered practical nurses, personal support workers, dietary, housekeeping, sterilization staff, porters and clerical staff. An Ontario court has struck down a Ford government bill that limited wages for public sector workers. (The Canadian Press) Workers could be heard chanting “kill that bill” and waving flags and signs that said “Respect us. Protect us. Pay us.” The union that represents them, SEIU Healthcare, organized the protest to reiterate their calls for action against Bill 124. “I just think we need some respect. Like a 24-cent an hour raise after what we've been through over COVID, these last three years have been horrible. And they're saying they're going to give us 24 cents. Come on,” Paul Johnson, a personal support worker, told CP24. Union leaders spoke at the rally and urged the government to scrap the bill so the union could negotiate fair compensation for their members. SEIU Healthcare union members protest outside of Sunnybrook Hospital in Toronto on Nov. 29, 2022. “Remember when Ford called you heroes? What does he do? His government introduces and passes Bill 124, which now keeps you from getting that hero’s pay and squashes your ability to bargain fairly,” SEIU Executive Vice President Mina Amrith said. In addition, the SEIU and other affected unions said the bill should be repealed now as it is contributing to a severe nursing shortage. “Everyone has been cut back. People are leaving in droves. The patients don't have the care they’re supposed to have with less of us there,” Registered Practical Nurse Tanya Rahim-Juttlah said. RELATED: Ontario's nursing shortage has been an issue for years. Why weren't we prepared for the COVID-19 pandemic? “You can only take so much. Everyone has a breaking point. Every single health–care worker here is at a breaking point and people are deciding should I stay? Should I go?” she added. The SEIU is also calling on the government to boost frontline staffing to address increased wait times, and to invest new funding in public hospitals and restrict the use of private health-care. According to the SEIU, recent reports say Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre had the second-longest wait times, followed by the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto. “We ain't failing here. It's Doug Ford and his plan that is failing. Each and every one of us, we aren’t treated with respect, the protection and the pay that we deserve and so today we say enough is enough,” Sanjay Thapa, SEIU chief steward, said. Ontario Premier Doug Ford and Solicitor General Sylvia Jones answer questions after touring the COVID-19 testing centre in Terminal 3 at Pearson Airport in Toronto on Wednesday, February 3, 2021. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Frank Gunn In the past month, several hospitals across the province have been warning patients about increased wait times and some have been cancelling or reducing non-emergent surgeries due to higher demand related to an increase in flu, RSV and COVID-19 cases. The rally comes almost a week after the leaders from five of Ontario’s largest health-care unions, including SEIU, issued an appeal to the Doug Ford government saying that their plan is “failing miserably.” The Ontario government has said it will add up to 6,000 more health-care workers and free up 2,500 hospital beds as part of its plan to stabilize the health-care system that was released in August. The plan also included an investment in private clinics that can offer OHIP-covered surgeries, and legislation that would free up acute care beds by transferring seniors to long-term care homes, which will not be of their choosing. With files from The Canadian Press Toronto Top Stories Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Ontario boy bursts into tears after parents surprise him with first Raptors game Toronto Humane Society 'heartbroken' after rescue van stolen Investigation into Toronto radio show concludes three months after longtime host John Derringer leaves Removal of five historic trees on Osgoode Hall grounds postponed More than 100,000 Ford F-150 trucks in Canada involved in wiper motor recall CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 The City of Montreal announced an average tax rate increase of 4.1 per cent for residential properties in the city centre on Tuesday. It will be the highest tax increase since 2010. Residential property taxes collected by the city centre will go up an average of 4.1 per cent in 2023. Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Concerned about the decline of French in Quebec, particularly in Montreal, Premier François Legault says he will release more details of a plan that would require 100 per cent of economic immigrants to be French-speaking. Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal A 64-year-old man has died after his helicopter crashed in a field in Lefebvre, Que. Tuesday afternoon. London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Members of the London Police Service continue to investigate after a three-vehicle crash in south London sent two people to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries Tuesday night. Wellington Road between Commissioners Road East and Southdale Road East has since been reopened. Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Following a vote from the Thames Valley District School Board, a motion to move forward with name changes for Sir John A. Macdonald Public School and F.D. Roosevelt Public School passed on Tuesday night. Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect London, Ont.’s Western University will be dropping its COVID-19 vaccination policy, the university announced Tuesday afternoon. Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Region of Waterloo staff say sweeping new provincial housing legislation will cost the region and its seven municipalities an estimated $530 million over the next 10 years, and taxpayers could be on the hook to make up the difference. Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified A victim has been identified after a multi-day investigation in Brant County that began as a suspicious death before being ruled a homicide. Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home St. James Catholic High School construction teacher, Jerry Della Savia, says he thought it was the perfect opportunity to take skills learned during class and have students apply them in a valuable way in the community. Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV A Sudbury family is sharing their story after their son spent a week in the hospital with respiratory syncytial virus. Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting A large female coyote has been captured on video patrolling a street in the Greater Sudbury area and here is what you should know. Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Three years ago, during a moment of suffering from post-traumatic stress, Dre crashed her car into some trees on Municipal Road between Timmins and Iroquois Falls. Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct An Ottawa woman is accusing a well-known lawyer of sexual misconduct, saying he offered her legal services in exchange for sexual favours. Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash A teenager who followed his dream to play U.S. college basketball is now faced with a life-changing event, after a car crash in Nebraska left him paralyzed. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Windsor 'Armed and dangerous' suspect identified after fatal Windsor shooting Windsor police have identified a suspect related to a fatal shooting on Hanna Street. 'It just doesn’t seem real at this point': Shooting victim's mother speaks out A mother is reeling after her 26-year-old son was shot and killed in South Walkerville Monday afternoon. 1616 Ouellette landlord provides displaced tenants with financial assistance as temporary shelter closes Monday The City of Windsor is asking local landlords with affordable units to reach out as the temporary emergency shelter housing the displaced residents of a downtown apartment building will be closed as of Monday. Barrie 'I almost died,' Orillia man's road to recovery 'a nightmare' after contracting Legionella The Legionnaires' outbreak in Orillia may be over, but one local man says his road to recovery after contracting the disease has been a "nightmare." Landmark demolished to make way for future developments Demolition is underway on the Atherley Arms building along Highway 12 to make way for future development. Enrollment surges at new Simcoe County elementary school A new elementary school in Alliston is welcoming hundreds of students to the community. Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' The mother of a man found dead last week in Moncton, N.B. is calling for change after what she calls a series of systemic failures led to his body being found in a cold public washroom. Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes A powerful weather front associated with a low centred in northern Quebec will sweep across the Maritimes Wednesday night into Thursday. $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman The Nova Scotia government is offering up to $150,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the disappearance of Devon Sinclair Marsman. Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Calgary police are investigating after a man was shot in the city’s southeast on Tuesday. Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity A local business owner is being hailed as a quiet philanthropist after donating a gift to the Winnipeg Foundation valued at about $500 million, the largest individual gift ever made to a Canadian charity. Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines Some Winnipeggers are undeterred by the possibility of fines for shovelling bike lanes. 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head The Manitoba Underdogs Rescue is calling on the public for help to save a dog that was found with severe injuries to his head and face. Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP Surrey's new mayor and council have taken the next step in their plan to scrap the Surrey Police Service and maintain the RCMP as the city's police force. How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? B.C. volunteers who dismantled what they're calling "tire island" – sending more than 2,000 of the parts to be recycled – are trying to figure out how the tires got there, and why they seem to have been left there for decades. Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found After Jodine Millar's vehicle was found in an Abbotsford ditch – without her in it —Mounties say they are increasingly concerned for the missing woman's safety. Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency At least two earthquakes were reported in northern Alberta Tuesday evening, with some saying the shakes were felt in Edmonton. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
