https://edmonton.ctvnews.ca/
Edmonton News | CTV News | Edmonton Weather Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Edmonton Close EDMONTON Search Search CTV Edmonton Close News Latest News Everything Edmonton COVID-19 in Alberta CTV News Red Deer Northern Alberta Alberta Legislature City Hall Weather Traffic Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 Alberta Primetime About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us News Links Social Facebook Twitter Instagram TikTok Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Edmonton News | CTV News | Edmonton Weather Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency At least two earthquakes were reported in northern Alberta Tuesday evening, with some saying the shakes were felt in Edmonton. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Fresh supply of welders on the way to fill Alberta industry demand A new welding program at the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology (NAIT) is preparing to graduate its first batch of welders, with employers saying there are more than enough jobs to greet them. Edmonton to host biggest snowboarding event in Canada Commonwealth Stadium will be getting much more snow than the rest of the city this week as it prepares to welcome the world's best snowboarders. 40-year-old man's death in Fort McMurray under investigation Alberta RCMP's Major Crimes Unit is investigating the death of a 40-year-old man in Fort McMurray two weeks ago. Death of man in High Prairie was 'targeted': police Police are investigating the death of a man in High Prairie. Edmonton activates extreme weather response to protect the vulnerable as cold sets in Edmonton has activated its extreme weather response for the first time this cold weather season as of 8 a.m. on Tuesday to help keep vulnerable members of the population safe. MLA Dang ordered to pay $7,200 for breaching Alberta vaccine portal An Independent Alberta MLA has been ordered to pay $1,500 for each day he spent trying to break into the province's vaccine portal to prove the website wasn't perfectly secure, a judge ruled on Tuesday. Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism The arrest of a teen with autism at a St. Albert playground will be investigated by the agency that looks into complaints involving Mounties. These Edmonton organizations are looking for help on Giving Tuesday It’s Giving Tuesday and local organizations are hoping Edmontonians will step up ahead of what’s projected to be a difficult holiday season for many. Fake bomb threat in Fort McMurray leads to arrest, charges: RCMP A day after police evacuated buildings and closed roads in downtown Fort McMurray, a local man is in jail for allegedly making a fake bomb threat, RCMP said. Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station An Edmonton mom opened up about a random attack while she was waiting for a train that left her bruised, concussed and questioning whether it's safe to take transit in the city. Day 10 at World Cup 2022: England, U.S., Netherlands and Senegal all advance We have entered the final round of group stage matches at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. It was do or die for Groups A and B as four teams advanced. CTVNews.ca takes a look at everything you need to know from Day 10 of the tournament. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Top Videos Smith introduces the sovereignty act Thomas Dang fined in website breach Edmonton activates extreme weather response Debate over Lewis Rec Centre NAIT welders prepare to graduate Big ramp built at Commonwealth Stadium Local groups hopeful on Giving Tuesday These are the most popular baby names for 2022 Troubling allegations of animal abuse at Ont. farm Links in the news Everything Edmonton These Edmonton organizations are looking for help on Giving Tuesday It’s Giving Tuesday and local organizations are hoping Edmontonians will step up ahead of what’s projected to be a difficult holiday season for many. 'Pretty unique': Giant snowboarding jump goes up in Commonwealth Stadium Commonwealth Stadium will be getting much more snow than the rest of the city this week as it prepares to welcome the world's best snowboarders. 'You won’t see the same song twice': Metallica to perform 2 shows in Edmonton in 2024 Forget about Santa Claus, Metallica is coming to town. The heavy metal legends will play two nights in Edmonton as part of their M72 World Tour. Stuff-A-Bus campaign helping food bank get through the holidays The annual Stuff-A-Bus campaign is running this weekend, collecting food and monetary donations for the Edmonton Food Bank. Small Business Saturday reminds shoppers to love local While many people have their minds on getting the best Black Friday deal, local businesses are asking shoppers to consider them, as some owners feel the pandemic push of supporting local fade away. Holiday events in and around Edmonton this weekend There are plenty of holiday events taking place in and around Edmonton throughout the weekent for people looking to enjoy the mild temperatures. This Edmonton company is donating to the Bissell Centre on Black Friday An Edmonton company is giving back this Black Friday. This gift card can be used at more than 40 Edmonton businesses With the holiday shopping season in full swing, the Downtown Business Association is hoping to bring shoppers back to the city’s core by launching a new gift card. These Edmonton companies have created advent calendars for adults Advent calendars used to be associated with childhood, opening a little door every day and receiving a chocolate, but that’s no longer the case. Editor's Picks Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station An Edmonton mom opened up about a random attack while she was waiting for a train that left her bruised, concussed and questioning whether it's safe to take transit in the city. Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? While the Alberta government and federal Conservative party claim the province's recovery-oriented care model is the reason that fatal drug poisonings have decreased by almost 50 per cent over a year, the statistic doesn’t show the full picture, cumulative data analysis shows. Edmonton bus drivers share images showing daily realities of working within public transit system Edmonton transit drivers are sharing images of what they are seeing on buses and the LRT on a sometimes daily basis in the hopes it will push the city to hire more transit peace officers. Ranchers unsure about future of industry as many make less than minimum wage A growing trend of ranchers deciding to leave the industry as the cost of doing business continues to surge has some calling for industry change and awareness of what farmers go through to get meat to market. 13 vehicles stolen from dealership in northern Alberta in overnight heist Mounties in Fort McMurray are looking for help after 13 trucks and SUVs were stolen from a local dealership. Sports 'Pretty unique': Giant snowboarding jump goes up in Commonwealth Stadium Commonwealth Stadium will be getting much more snow than the rest of the city this week as it prepares to welcome the world's best snowboarders. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Draisaitl nets OT winner to lift Oilers past slumping Panthers for 4-3 victory Leon Draisaitl and Connor McDavid continue to make life difficult for opponents in crunch time. 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers James Hamblin had a huge smile Monday when he spoke about his first NHL call up. He had tears streaming down his face just hours earlier. Canadian men look to get one final result after scoring first goal Having drawn kudos for its bright, energetic performance in a 1-0 loss to No. 2 Belgium and scored against Croatia, the Canadians are now looking to get a result against Morocco. WATCH LIVE CTV Morning Live 5:30 a.m. CTV News at Noon Noon CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. YEG BUZZ Josh Eats Edmonton: Winston’s Fish and Chips Josh Eats Edmonton: Hathaway’s Diner Josh Eats Edmonton: Momma Tong Josh Eats Edmonton: Bangkok Kitchen Josh Eats Edmonton: Flava Café Don't Miss Video These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station CTV News On the Go Indo-Pacific strategy a 'U-turn' on Canada-China relations Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Atiba Hutchinson - Canada's captain in Qatar: W5 preview The human cost of Qatar's World Cup stadiums: W5 preview Stay Connected listen live CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act CTV News Political Commentator Scott Reid reacts to Alta. Premier Danielle Smith's proposed Sovereignty within a United Canada Act. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Calgary police are investigating after a man was shot in the city’s southeast on Tuesday. Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon city council landed on a 3.93 per cent property tax hike for 2023. Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns Mandy Thibodeau is worried about the safety of her employees at the Subway on 22nd Street and 2nd Avenue in downtown Saskatoon. City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA The Saskatoon SPCA wants the city to cover the costs an animal faces when going from pound to shelter. Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Business operations are winding down at Saskatchewan government liquor stores as the remaining 34 locations will close their doors in the new year. Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Saskatchewan is forecasting a $1.1 billion surplus for 2022-23 in its mid-year financial report released on Tuesday. Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Regina city councillor Dan LeBlanc showed up to the Court at King's Bench Tuesday morning to set a date to make his case against the city's manager. Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' The mother of a man found dead last week in Moncton, N.B. is calling for change after what she calls a series of systemic failures led to his body being found in a cold public washroom. Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes A powerful weather front associated with a low centred in northern Quebec will sweep across the Maritimes Wednesday night into Thursday. $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman The Nova Scotia government is offering up to $150,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the disappearance of Devon Sinclair Marsman. Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Two people are in critical condition following a shooting in Scarborough Tuesday evening. Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Complaints of trash illegally dumped on Toronto streets have doubled as city enforcement has plummeted -- a recipe, some residents say, for smelly and unsightly garbage to litter neighbourhoods. Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 The City of Montreal announced an average tax rate increase of 4.1 per cent for residential properties in the city centre on Tuesday. It will be the highest tax increase since 2010. Residential property taxes collected by the city centre will go up an average of 4.1 per cent in 2023. Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Concerned about the decline of French in Quebec, particularly in Montreal, Premier François Legault says he will release more details of a plan that would require 100 per cent of economic immigrants to be French-speaking. Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal A 64-year-old man has died after his helicopter crashed in a field in Lefebvre, Que. Tuesday afternoon. Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Region of Waterloo staff say sweeping new provincial housing legislation will cost the region and its seven municipalities an estimated $530 million over the next 10 years, and taxpayers could be on the hook to make up the difference. Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified A victim has been identified after a multi-day investigation in Brant County that began as a suspicious death before being ruled a homicide. Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home St. James Catholic High School construction teacher, Jerry Della Savia, says he thought it was the perfect opportunity to take skills learned during class and have students apply them in a valuable way in the community. Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
