https://www.ctvnews.ca/business/elon-musk-claims-apple-has-threatened-to-withhold-twitter-from-its-app-store-1.6172789
Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store Business Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store Elon Musk on Monday claimed that Apple has "threatened" to pull Twitter from its iOS app store, a move that could be devastating to the company Musk just acquired for US$44 billion. "Apple has also threatened to withhold Twitter from its App Store, but won't tell us why," Musk said in one of several tweets Monday taking aim at Apple and its CEO for alleged moves that could undermine Twitter's business. In another tweet, Musk claimed that Apple has mostly stopped advertising on Twitter. "Do they hate free speech in America," he said, in an apparent reference to his oft-stated desire to bolster his idea of free speech on the platform. "What's going on here [Apple CEO Tim Cook]?" Musk added in a follow-up tweet. He also criticized Apple's size, claimed it engages in "censorship," and called out the 30% transaction fee Apple charges large app developers to be listed in its app store. The tweetstorm highlights the tenuous relationship between Musk and Apple, which along with Google serves as the major gatekeepers for mobile applications. Long before taking over Twitter, the Tesla CEO said that when the car company was struggling, he considered selling the company to Apple, but that Cook refused to take a meeting with him. Removal from Apple's app store, or that of Google, would be detrimental to Twitter's business, which is already struggling with a loss of advertisers following Musk's takeover and a rocky initial attempt at expanding its subscription business. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Musk's tweets. The company has previously shown it's willing to remove apps from its app store over concerns about their ability to moderate harmful content or if they attempt to circumvent the cut Apple takes from in-app purchases and subscriptions. In January 2021, Apple removed Parler, an app popular with conservatives, including some members of the far right, from its app store following the U.S. Capitol attack over concerns about the platform's ability to detect and moderate hate speech and incitement. Parler was returned to Apple's app store three months later after updating its content moderation practices. In its official app store review guidelines, Apple lists various safety parameters that apps must adhere to in order to be included in the store, including an ability to prevent "content that is offensive, insensitive, upsetting, intended to disgust, in exceptionally poor taste, or just plain creepy" such as hate speech, pornography and terrorism. "If you're looking to shock and offend people, the App Store isn't the right place for your app," the guidelines state. Various civil society groups, researchers and other industry watchers have raised concerns about Twitter's ability to effectively moderate harmful content and maintain the platform's safety following widespread layoffs and mass employee exits at the company. Musk has also claimed he wants to amplify "free speech" on the platform and has begun to restore some accounts that were previously banned or suspended for repeatedly violating Twitter's rules. Musk himself has shared a conspiracy theory and several other controversial tweets since taking over as Twitter's owner. Musk, long a prolific and antagonistic tweeter, has not let up at all since taking over the company. And what it may have lost in revenue, he has claimed it has made up for in engagement. Part of the strategy appears to be relentlessly taking aim at enemies, either of him personally or of "free speech." In an interview with CBS earlier this month, Cook was asked whether there are any ways in which Twitter could change that would cause Apple to remove it from the app store. "They say that they're going to continue to moderate and so ... I count on them to do that," Cook responded. "Because I don't think that anybody really wants hate speech on their platform. So I'm counting on them to continue to do that." In an op-ed published in the New York Times last week, Twitter's former head of trust and safety, Yoel Roth, who left the company earlier this month, suggested that Twitter had already begun to receive calls from app store operators following Musk's takeover. Roth said the company's failure to adhere to Google and Apple's app store rules could be "catastrophic." And last weekend, the head of Apple's app store, Phil Schiller, deleted his Twitter account. While the state of Apple and Twitter's relationship is unclear, the iPhone maker was running Black Friday ads on the platform as recently as last Thursday, according to posts viewed by CNN. Many companies have pulled back on digital ad spending in recent months as the economy declined, and Twitter has likely always only been a small portion of Apple's ad budget. Apple's impact on Twitter, however, could be much more significant, including if Musk succeeds in shifting its core business to being more reliant on subscription revenue, and potentially has to pay a 30% cut to Apple. In one tweet Monday, Musk asked his nearly 120 million followers if they know "Apple puts a secret 30% tax on everything you buy through their App Store?" In another tweet, he posted a picture of a highway exit: one lane headed toward "pay 30%," the other pointed toward "go to war." An old car labelled "Elon" skidded toward the latter. MORE Business News Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history Qatar to supply liquefied natural gas to Germany from 2026 Competitors chip away at Tesla's U.S. electric vehicle share Canadian home prices expected to fall 3.3 per cent in 2023: Re/Max report 75 per cent of U.S. owners of Cdn. rec properties bought after foreign buyer ban: survey YOUR FINANCES Gap year popularity rises with students, COVID-19 lockdowns and costs factors With the 2023 post-secondary education application deadlines approaching, many students across Canada are looking for alternatives to university and college, leaving parents anxious taking a ‘gap year’ could mean they never return to school. opinion opinion | 6 tips to achieve financial independence in Canada Wouldn't it be nice to never have to work again? While this may sound like a dream to many, it is entirely possible. CTVNews.ca personal finance contributor Christopher Liew shares a handful of helpful tips on how to potentially achieve financial independence. Some recent homebuyers will find rate hikes painful as mortgages go up: BoC Recent homebuyers with variable-rate mortgages will find the adjustment to higher interest rates more painful, said Bank of Canada senior deputy governor Carolyn Rogers. Tips for a first-time car buyer with a stretched budget Buying your first car can be as exciting as it is daunting. Whether you’re buying a car off the lot from a dealership or purchasing a car in a private sale, contributor Christopher Liew shares in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca a few basic tips that you should always keep in mind. 'Last year's storm was just the beginning': Food banks have record-breaking visits in 2022 In March 2022 alone, food banks across Canada had 1.5 million visits, a 15 per cent increase from the year prior and the highest recorded usage on record. opinion opinion | Should you cancel an old credit card that you don't use anymore? Many Canadians have one or two old credit cards that they no longer use. Before you jump to close your old, unused credit card, CTVNews.ca contributor Christopher Liew outlines some of the pros and cons of closing a credit card account, so you can make the most informed decision. A quarter of Canadians have stockpiled food in the last month as grocery prices climb: Nanos survey Canadians are buying less expensive food, stockpiling food and even eating less to cope with food prices as inflation soars, according to a new survey. What do senior citizens need to do to age in place? Most Canadian seniors would prefer to stay in their homes for as long as possible, what is referred to as aging in place, rather than in an assisted living facility, according to recent studies that have come out this year. Personal finance contributor Christopher Liew shares some practical tips on how to age in place, so you can continue living life on your terms. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
