https://www.ctvnews.ca/sports/ferrari-team-principal-binotto-leaving-after-troubled-season-1.6172822
F1 team principal Mattia Binotto leaving Ferrari | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Sports Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Ferrari Team Principal Mattia Binotto at the Spa-Francorchamps racetrack, on Aug. 28, 2022. (Geert Vanden Wijngaert / AP) MARANELLO, Italy - Ferrari is parting ways with Mattia Binotto after 28 years -- four as head of the Formula One team -- following a hideous season of botched strategy calls that cost Charles Leclerc any chance to contend for the championship. Leclerc opened with two wins in the first three races and seemed poised to challenge Max Verstappen for the F1 title, a prize no Ferrari driver has won in 15 years. He finished nearly 150 points adrift and without a win since July. Binotto's departure was rumoured for the last few months as Verstappen and Red Bull ran away with the drivers' and constructors' championships. Ferrari's performance was an improvement on 2020 and 2021, when it didn't win any races, but falling so far behind after a promising start frustrated Leclerc and the fans. Leclerc was angry at the team when a mistimed pit call cost him the chance to win his home race at the Monaco Grand Prix in May. At the British Grand Prix he was left on old tires and overtaken by teammate Carlos Sainz Jr. for the win. This month, Leclerc had no chance to challenge for pole position in Brazil when Ferrari put intermediate tires on his car while everyone else was on slicks. Another botched pit stop at the Dutch Grand Prix in September saw only three tires initially fitted to Sainz's car and was seen as a symbol of Ferrari's difficulties. "With the regret that this entails, I have decided to conclude my collaboration with Ferrari," Binotto said in a statement, adding he felt "serenity" at having done his best. The team did not immediately name Binotti's successor but said its choice "is expected to be finalized in the new year." Ferrari CEO Benedetto Vigna paid tribute to Binotto "for leading the team back to a position of competitiveness during this past year. As a result, we are in a strong position to renew our challenge, above all for our amazing fans around the world, to win the ultimate prize in motorsport." Ferrari last won a drivers' title with Kimi Raikkonen in 2007 and its last constructors' title followed a year later. MORE SPORTS NEWS Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Qatar says worker deaths for World Cup 'between 400 and 500' Protester with rainbow flag banned from World Cup matches Tiger Woods withdraws from his tournament with foot injury Noteworthy moments and political statements made so far at World Cup Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
