https://www.tsn.ca/fifa-world-cup
FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™ - Canada's Soccer Hub | TSN Skip to main content FIFA World Cup™ News Video Scores Schedule Standings Statistics Futures Games on Demand Broadcast Schedule Team Canada Teams Canada vs Belgium Canada vs Croatia Canada vs Morocco Coca Cola Fanzone Group Stage Qualifying NHL News Video Scores Schedule Standings Leaders Statistics Futures FanDuel Sportsbook TradeCentre DraftCentre free agency Teams Transactions Injuries Players Trade Tracker NFL News Video NFL on TSN Scores Schedule Standings Leaders Statistics Futures FanDuel Sportsbook Teams Players Injuries transactions draft Super Bowl CFL News Video Scores Schedule Standings Leaders Statistics Futures FanDuel Sportsbook Fantasy Teams Draft CFL on TSN NBA News video scores schedule standings leaders statistics Futures FanDuel Sportsbook teams players injuries transactions draft BioSteel MLB News videos Scores schedule standings leaders Statistics FanDuel Sportsbook Trade Tracker teams player injuries transactions draft MLB on TSN Formula 1 Golf News Video Golf on TSN Presidents Cup PGA TOUR PGA GolfCentre LPGA European Tour PGA TOUR Canada Korn Ferry Tour Champions Presidents Cup Standings: Int'l Presidents Cup Standings: USA The Masters Ryder Cup Golf Gear Audi Top Courses Soccer News Video MLS EPL Bundesliga LaLiga Serie A Ligue 1 Champions League FIFA World Cup Qualifying FIFA World Cup™ Hockey Canada News Video Scores Schedule Standings Statistics World Juniors Broadcast Schedule more FIFA World Cup™ NHL NFL CFL NBA MLB Formula 1 Golf Soccer Hockey Canada World Juniors Auto Racing Tennis WNBA UFC NCAA CHL Curling Olympics PHF AHL Figure Skating NLL Boxing Rugby Wrestling Horse Racing Esports U Sports Canada Games Cycling Skiing Invictus Games Other Sports Indigenous People in Sport Help live video home tv schedule games on demand multiplex doc collection tsn originals engraved listen TSN Radio podcasts The Shift News Video Episodes Entertainment Fashion & Footwear Raptors WNBA Identity Creative Soles edge News Video FanDuel Sportsbook Betting fantasy NHL Fantasy NFL Fantasy NBA Fantasy MLB Fantasy CFL Fantasy Terms and Conditions Bardown ... Year in Review sc with jay onrait That's Hockey Black Excellence Women In Sport Indigenous People in Sport dreger cafe TSN Front Row TSN Internships help Search Search Close search Search Search FIFA nhl nba nfl CFL MLB F1 All Sports FIFA World Cup™ nhl nba mlb nfl cfl golf home video Golf on TSN PGA TOUR lpga Champions Mackenzie Tour European Tour Korn Ferry Tour Auto Racing home video Nascar Formula 1 IndyCar soccer home video MLS epl Champions League Serie A La Liga Bundesliga Ligue 1 tennis home video atp wta curling ncaa Home Football Basketball Hockey Olympics hockey canada ufc World Juniors PHF wnba AHL CHL Home OHL QMJHL WHL Esports Figure Skating Rugby Home Rugby World Cup EURO Invictus Games Canada Games Boxing U Sports NLL Wrestling DraftCentre TradeCentre Skiing Other Sports live Video Home TV Schedule Games on Demand Doc Collection TSN Originals Engraved Engraved listen Radio Podcasts the shift edge bardown other SC With Jay Onrait That's Hockey Women in Sport Black Excellence Indigenous People In Sport Dreger Cafe True North Help Search Search Search FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™ - Canada's Soccer Hub | TSN FIFA World Cup United States defeats Iran to advance to knockout stage at World Cup Christian Pulisic's goal was the difference as the United States defeated Iran 1-0 in their most important game of the 2022 FIFA World Cup thus far. Top Headlines First all-female World Cup trio to referee Germany-Costa Rica Stephanie Frappart, Neuza Back and Karen Diaz will become the first all-female refereeing team for a men's World Cup match as they have been named to take charge of the Costa Rica-Germany Group E match on Thursday, FIFA announced on Tuesday. Bale dismisses retirement talk after Wales' World Cup exit Gareth Bale has increased the likelihood of a further season in MLS with LAFC by rejecting speculation he will retire from football after Wales' World Cup elimination from the World Cup in a 3-0 defeat to England on Tuesday. Senegal edges Ecuador to advance to knockouts The Senegal captain scored the winning goal in the 2-1 victory over Ecuador on Tuesday, putting his team into the round of 16 at the World Cup despite the absence of the injured Sadio Mane, the team's best player and one of the best strikers in the world. Netherlands defeats Qatar to advance to Round of 16 Cody Gakpo scored in his third consecutive game as the Netherlands defeated Qatar 2-0 in their final match of group play on Tuesday at the 2022 World Cup. England and Wales players take a knee in World Cup match The players for both England and Wales took a knee before their final World Cup group game on Tuesday. The teams made the gesture as a sign of solidarity in the fight against discrimination. Croatia charged for fans' taunts of Canada goalie Borjan at World Cup FIFA opened a disciplinary case against Croatia on Tuesday because of its fans’ taunts aimed at Canadian goalkeeper Milan Borjan, who has Serbian family ties, during the teams’ World Cup game. FIFA World Cup By The Numbers: Canada, Morocco set to clash in final Group F game at World Cup Canada heads into their third and final group stage match at the 2022 FIFA World Cup with no chance to progress into the knockout stages of the tournament, but there will still be plenty to play for when they face Morocco at Al Thumama Stadium in Doha, Qatar, on Thursday. Canada CMNT's sights turn to home World Cup after Qatar While Canada is understandably disappointed to be heading home following the World Cup’s group stage, in a way the team's work is just beginning with an eye toward 2026. FIFA World Cup™ Videos FIFA World Cup on TSN World Cup knockout round clinching scenarios: How each team can qualify for the Round of 16 With passage into the knockouts still on the table for a vast majority of the 32 teams in Qatar, let’s take a look at what needs to happen in the next four days for each of these teams to advance. Qatar says worker deaths for World Cup 'between 400 and 500' A top Qatari official involved in the country's World Cup organization has put the number of worker deaths for the tournament “between 400 and 500” for the first time, a drastically higher number than any other previously offered by Doha. Deschamps: Potential Benzema's return 'not something that's in my mind' France coach Didier Deschamps has said Karim Benzema's reported return from injury to play in the World Cup is "not something that's in my mind." ESPN United States gear up for must-win match against Iran After a heavy opening defeat against England, Iran earned a win against Wales to put them back in business. They will take on a strong tactical side in the United States, where a win would earn them a spot in the round of 16 for the first time ever. play-btn-vid 2:37 Footballing rivals England, Wales clash with pride on the line Football rivals since the late 1800s, England and Wales will clash with England only needing a point to make it through to the next round. Wales will look to deny their rivals that point, and get a win playing in their first World Cup in over 60 years. play-btn-vid 2:36 It's clear Canada needs more exposure to playing top teams in the world The TSN World Cup panel reflects on Canada's defeat to Croatia and explains how it was an eye opener that the team needs to be exposed to playing against the best sides in the world, which can admittedly be a difficult task playing in Concacaf. play-btn-vid 3:16 CMNT's sights turn to home World Cup after Qatar While Canada is understandably disappointed to be heading home following the World Cup’s group stage, in a way the team's work is just beginning with an eye toward 2026. Soccer 2022 FIFA World Cup on TSN - Broadcast Schedule TSN is home to the 2022 FIFA World Cup. Check back on this schedule page for additional broadcast details with TSN's national feeds. Every game can also be seen live on the TSN App. Soccer 2022 FIFA World Cup on TSN - Multi-Language Streams TSN is home to the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar and you can watch every game in the native language of the countries involved with TSN.ca bonus coverage. FIFA World Cup Canada faces Morocco at FIFA World Cup with a chance at more team history Canada will not advance to the knockout stages at the 2022 FIFA World Cup, but will still have lots to play for when they meet Morocco in their final Group F game on Thursday. Watch Canada's game vs. Morocco on Thursday at 10am et/7am pt on TSN. FIFA World Cup Rashford stars as England crushes Wales Marcus Rashford scored two second-half goals and helped create the other to send England through to the knockout round of the FIFA World Cup and send Wales crashing out. Phil Foden scored the other goal in a 3-0 Three Lions win to top Group B and set up a Round of 16 clash against Senegal. FIFA World Cup Senegal edges Ecuador to advance to knockouts The Senegal captain scored the winning goal in the 2-1 victory over Ecuador on Tuesday, putting his team into the round of 16 at the World Cup despite the absence of the injured Sadio Mane, the team's best player and one of the best strikers in the world. FIFA World Cup Netherlands defeats Qatar to advance to Round of 16 Cody Gakpo scored in his third consecutive game as the Netherlands defeated Qatar 2-0 in their final match of group play on Tuesday at the 2022 World Cup. FIFA World Cup Davies says he doesn't need the captain's armband to lead by example With this likely being the last World Cup for Canada's captain Atiba Hutchinson, there's an expected changing of the guard towards the team's younger players. Alphonso Davies discusses the possibility of stepping into a leadership role with the club. 1:02 FIFA World Cup Davies: 'We came here to make history, and that's what we're trying to do' Alphonso Davies has already made history at the World Cup, scoring the first ever goal for Canada at the men's tournament, but the club is still looking for a result, and Davies says the Canadian side is focused on that task. He spoke about the match ahead, and entering the Canadian history book. 2:17 FIFA World Cup World Cup knockout round clinching scenarios: How each team can qualify for the Round of 16 With passage into the knockouts still on the table for a vast majority of the 32 teams in Qatar, let’s take a look at what needs to happen in the next four days for each of these teams to advance. FIFA World Cup Will Southgate introduce some fresh legs in England's match against Wales? Tuesday's round of games will wrap up with a key match featuring England and Wales, and the TSN World Cup panel discusses what changes England can make to try and introduce more players at the World Cup who can make an impact. play-btn-vid 4:28 Coming up at the 2022 FIFA World Cup Messi, Lewandowski ready to star as Argentina, Poland tee up for Group C clash With top spot in Group C on the line and qualification not yet guaranteed, Poland and Argentina will be looking to their best players to help guide them into the Round of 16. play-btn-vid 2:25 France can win World Cup group in style, Tunisia simply must win Defending champion France has not won its three World Cup group-stage matches since winning its first title in 1998. Mexico faces early World Cup exit against Saudi Arabia Mexico is going to have to suddenly find goals — and perhaps even several of them — to extend its knockout-round streak at the World Cup. Australia plays Denmark for last Round of 16 spot at World Cup Australia faces European Championship semifinalist Denmark in its decisive final group game Wednesday, with the winner likely advancing. Messi, Argentina play Poland for survival at World Cup Lionel Messi has already come to Argentina’s rescue at the World Cup. He might just have to do it all over again. 2022 FIFA World Cup on TSN - Broadcast Schedule TSN is home to the 2022 FIFA World Cup. Check back on this schedule page for additional broadcast details with TSN's national feeds. Every game can also be seen live on the TSN App. 2022 FIFA World Cup on TSN - Multi-Language Streams TSN is home to the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar and you can watch every game in the native language of the countries involved with TSN.ca bonus coverage. FIFA World Cup Fernandes brace sends Portugal into Round of 16 Portugal is headed to the knockout round at the FIFA World Cup in Qatar after a 2-0 win over Uruguay in Group H action. Both goals came from Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes in the second half. FIFA World Cup Casemiro puts Brazil into knockouts at FIFA World Cup Manchester United midfielder Casemiro finally broke Switzerland's resolve and gave the Selecao a 1-0 win and passage into the knockout round at the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar. Canada eyes first World Cup points vs. Morocco Canada still looking to make history in final game against Morocco Despite being eliminated from the knockout stage of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, Canadian players know they still have a chance at history before exiting the tournament. In the curtain-call game against Morocco on Thursday, the team is still looking for one more first: a result. Having scored at the World Cup, Canadian men now look to get one final result Alphonso Davies goal — Canada's first ever at the men's World Cup — was the high point of the evening for Canada on Sunday at Khalifa International Stadium. No. 12 Croatia, runner-up to France four years ago in Russia, rallied with two goals late in the first half and added two more after the break for a 4-1 win that ended Canada's hopes of advancing to the knockout round at the 32-team tournament. What mistakes should Herdman want back? Al’s Brother, Jeff O’Neill and Dave Feschuk are joined by TSN Soccer analyst Steven Caldwell to discuss if John Herdman’s comments about Croatia were in mistake and would he change any decisions strategically during the game. play-btn-vid 3:31 Scianitti: Canada trying to build their own World Cup respect, reputation After Canada's heartbreaking loss to Croatia that exposed the gap in quality between the two sides, the club will have to get back up for their third match against Morocco. Matthew Scianitti has more on the wake-up call Canada got, and how they're trying to build their own World Cup reputation. play-btn-vid 3:50 'Give everything for the country': Kone explains Canada's mindset for Morocco match After a heartbreaking loss to Croatia that officially eliminated them from the group stage, Canadians Alistair Johnston and Ismael Kone spoke to the media, saying there are still reasons for this Canadian side to be proud, and there is still a job to do against Morocco. play-btn-vid 1:37 Canada's players, staff got a real World Cup 'learning experience' against Croatia Canada's Alistair Johnston met with the media the day after Croatia displayed their quality against the Canadian side, and Johnston said the experience of the match can "only help" Canada moving forward. The World Cup panel chats about the learning experiences Canada can take from the loss. play-btn-vid 3:42 de Guzman: Croatia match a reminder that Canada still has a lot of work to do Despite Alphonso Davies' historic goal against Croatia, the Canadian side was simply out-classed for much of the match. Julian de Guzman joins James Duthie to chat about Canada's performance, the work that still needs to be done, and whether or not John Herdman deserves criticism for his tactics against Croatia. play-btn-vid 3:27 Brazil Neymar to miss Brazil's last group game at World Cup Neymar will miss Brazil's last group game at the World Cup because of his right ankle injury, the team doctor said Tuesday. FIFA World Cup England striker Kane cleared to play Wales at World Cup Harry Kane will be available to start for England in the team's final World Cup group game against Wales on Tuesday. FIFA World Cup World Cup Viewer's Guide: U.S. and Iran pulled into politics The American and Iranian soccer teams are the only ones putting politics aside as the sides meet in a match to determine if either nation continues in this World Cup. FIFA World Cup Kudus, Ghana overcome Korea Republic, keep group stage hopes alive Mohammed Kudus scored twice, including the go-ahead goal after South Korea evened the match in the second half, and Ghana staved off elimination at the World Cup with a 3-2 victory on Monday. FIFA World Cup Cameroon, Serbia battle to energetic draw Substitute Vincent Aboubakar scored one goal and created another as Cameroon rallied from 3-1 down to draw 3-3 with Serbia at the World Cup on Monday. Canada Canada's players, staff got a real World Cup 'learning experience' against Croatia Canada's Alistair Johnston met with the media the day after Croatia displayed their quality against the Canadian side, and Johnston said the experience of the match can "only help" Canada moving forward. The World Cup panel chats about the learning experiences Canada can take from the loss. play-btn-vid 3:42 Canada Having scored at the World Cup, Canadian men now look to get one final result Alphonso Davies goal — Canada's first ever at the men's World Cup — was the high point of the evening for Canada on Sunday at Khalifa International Stadium. No. 12 Croatia, runner-up to France four years ago in Russia, rallied with two goals late in the first half and added two more after the break for a 4-1 win that ended Canada's hopes of advancing to the knockout round at the 32-team tournament. FIFA World Cup Johnston: 'We still feel the whole country behind us' Despite the loss against Croatia and elimination from the group stage, Canada has a game left against Morocco. Ahead of the matchup, Alistair Johnston and Ismael Kone met with the media where they agreed they still feel the whole country behind them. play-btn-vid 23:24 Canada de Guzman: Croatia match a reminder that Canada still has a lot of work to do Despite Alphonso Davies' historic goal against Croatia, the Canadian side was simply out-classed for much of the match. Julian de Guzman joins James Duthie to chat about Canada's performance, the work that still needs to be done, and whether or not John Herdman deserves criticism for his tactics against Croatia. 3:27 FIFA World Cup 'Give everything for the country': Kone explains Canada's mindset for Morocco match After a heartbreaking loss to Croatia that officially eliminated them from the group stage, Canadians Alistair Johnston and Ismael Kone spoke to the media, saying there are still reasons for this Canadian side to be proud, and there is still a job to do against Morocco. 1:37 FIFA World Cup Davies scores but Canada eliminated in loss to Croatia Canada wasted little time Sunday ending its scoring drought at the men's World Cup via Alphonso Davies but could not hold off Croatia, losing 4-1 to end its hopes of reaching the tournament's knockout round. Canada Canada aims to ‘finish on a good note’ after FIFA World Cup elimination Canada will not advance to the knockout round at the FIFA World Cup after falling to Croatia 4-1 Sunday in Qatar, leaving John Herdman’s side without points through their first two games. But according to Atiba Hutchinson, Canada still has plenty to play for in their final game against Morocco on Thursday. FIFA World Cup Must See: Davies makes history, scoring Canada's first men's World Cup goal Canada has waited 36 years, and Alphonso Davies has delivered, burying the cross with a perfectly placed header to give Canada's men their first ever goal at the World Cup. play-btn-vid 2:55 FIFA World Cup Davies' goal 'a huge moment' for soccer in Canada It only took Alphonso Davies 67 seconds to create a World Cup moment for Canadian fans, scoring the first goal ever for the country at the men's World Cup. The World Cup panel discuss Davies' World Cup moment, and how it will resonate with Canadians and soccer in Canada. play-btn-vid 5:20 FIFA World Cup Germany scores late equalizer to secure crucial point at FIFA World Cup Germany forward Niclas Füllkrug salvaged a 1-1 draw against Spain on Sunday at the World Cup. FIFA World Cup Caldwell: Rocked early, Croatia threw 'wave after wave' that Canada was unable to handle Canada knew that the margin for error against Croatia would be very small and after a dream start that rocked its opponent, the Canadians were unable to keep their shape as the Croatian's dominated the midfield to overpower Canada. TSN's Luke Wileman and Steven Caldwell have more. 1:33 Spain Spain's Luis Enrique remembers late daughter after World Cup draw Spain coach Luis Enrique said it was a “special day” after his team's 1-1 draw with Germany at the World Cup on Sunday. FIFA World Cup Brazil's depth can survive Switzerland as Groups G, H headline Monday's action Another jam-packed day with four game featuring Group G and Group H headlines Monday's action and TSN Soccer analyst Tosaint Ricketts discusses how Brazil will cope without Neymar play-btn-vid 3:44 FIFA World Cup Despite the loss, Canada has reason to be proud of World Cup performance With Croatia's win over Canada, they are eliminated from the World Cup and will not advance past the group stage. Despite the loss, Alphonso Davies scored the first goal ever for Canada at the men's World Cup and for that and more, the World Cup panel says Canada has reason to be proud. play-btn-vid 3:53 FIFA World Cup Did Herdman's comments affect the outcome of Canada vs. Croatia? Much was made of John Herdman's Croatia comments prior to the match between Canada and the Croatian side, but did those have any impact on the outcome? The World Cup panel discusses how the additional motivation may have helped Croatia. play-btn-vid 2:20 Canada Falls To Croatia 'Croatia demonstrated who f'ed who': Kramaric thanks Herdman for motivation Andrej Kramaric was asked whether or not the Croatian players were motivated after learning of John Herdman's comments following Canada's defeat to Belgium. The Croatian striker didn't hold back with his answer. play-btn-vid 1:29 Caldwell: Rocked early, Croatia threw 'wave after wave' that Canada was unable to handle Canada knew that the margin for error against Croatia would be very small and after a dream start that rocked its opponent, the Canadians were unable to keep their shape as the Croatian's dominated the midfield to overpower Canada. TSN's Luke Wileman and Steven Caldwell have more. play-btn-vid 1:33 'We fought every single minute': Davies on tough defeat, making history with goal Alphonso Davies made history with his goal for Canada and he spoke about what that means to him despite the defeat for Canada, which means they will not advance at the World Cup. play-btn-vid 1:04 Herdman proud of Canada's effort, calls Croatia 'absolute killers in transition' Head coach John Herdman describes his feelings after Canada's disappointing loss to Croatia, and explains the pride he has that the country was able to score its first-ever goal at the men's World Cup. Herdman also shares his message to his team heading into their final match against Morocco. play-btn-vid 1:31 Johnston: We left ourselves exposed on the counter and they punished us' Alistair Johnston gave his assessment on what went wrong for Canada after they took the early lead and spoke about the goal is for the final match against Morocco. play-btn-vid 1:01 'We want to finish on a good note': Hutchinson wants to regroup with result vs. Morocco Canadian captain Atiba Hutchinson said his team wanted to put in a good performance to build on their opening game against Belgium but explained how Canada lost its shape and a team like Croatia was able to capitalize. play-btn-vid 4:36 Osorio explains where momentum turned against Canada against experienced Croatia Jonathan Osorio breaks down where things turned in Croatia's favour after Canada's early goal and spoke about how special it was for Alphonso Davies to score the first goal for Canada's men's team at the World Cup. play-btn-vid 2:25 FIFA World Cup Sabiri the hero for Morocco as they topple giants Belgium Abdelhamid Sabiri scored on a free kick from just inside the corner spot, and Zakaria Aboukhlal added a late insurance goal to push Morocco to a 2-0 victory over Belgium on Sunday. FIFA World Cup Fuller, Costa Rica stun Japan with late goal to steal victory Keysher Fuller scored in the 81st minute to lift Costa Rica to a 1-0 victory over Japan on Sunday, leaving both teams with three points after two games in Group E of the World Cup. FIFA World Cup Messi has his moment as Argentina downs Mexico to stay alive at FIFA World Cup Lionel Messi came up with another crucial goal for Argentina in a 2-0 win over Mexico on Saturday that ignited the team’s World Cup chances. FIFA World Cup Biggest World Cup crowd in 28 years sees Messi play Lionel Messi played in front of 88,966 spectators on Saturday when Argentina beat Mexico 2-0, the largest attendance at a World Cup match in 28 years. FIFA World Cup With 'the weight of a nation on his shoulders' Messi carries Argentina to victory Lionel Messi was stifled throughout the entire game by the Mexican defence but all he needed was a glimpse of goal to power Argentina to a much-needed victory to stay alive in Group C. The TSN World Cup panel marvel at Messi's ability to rescue his nation once again. play-btn-vid 4:48 FIFA World Cup Mbappe's heroics lifts France past Denmark to advance to Round of 16 Kylian Mbappe scored two goals and put defending champion France into the knockout stage of the World Cup with a 2-1 win over Denmark on Saturday. FIFA World Cup 'Total superstar' Mbappé breaks down Denmark with two key moments Kylian Mbappé showed why he is one of the most feared players in the world at the age of 23 as he put forth a second-half performance that boosted France to a victory over Denmark. The TSN World Cup panel breaks down his individual talent and credit Denmark for a gutsy effort in defeat. play-btn-vid 7:26 Canada prepares for Croatia Caldwell reveals his starting XI for Canada vs. Croatia John Herdman will have to make tough decisions when it comes to Canada's starting XI against Croatia. TSN Soccer analyst Steven Caldwell reveals who he would pick to start the massive match. play-btn-vid 4:01 Canada feeling 'light, bright, and clear' ahead of 'defining moment' match against Croatia Canada's head coach John Herdman and forward Stephen Eustaquio met with the media to discuss the club's upcoming match against Croatia, a match that Herdman says will be Canada's "tournament defining" game. play-btn-vid 25:15 Canada proved it's capable of playing a style that can cause trouble for top sides While Canada is not ready to be considered a soccer power, the team showed against Belgium that it's aggressive style is one that can cause problems for many teams. Will John Herdman make any changes to adjust to Croatia? The TSN World Cup panel discusses. play-btn-vid 2:14 Herdman, Canada 'on task' ahead of big match against Croatia Despite all the distractions, Canada's head coach John Herdman says the team has been on a "media blackout" since November 14th, and was able to laugh off a colourful Croatian newspaper article about. Janine Beckie joins Lindsay Hamilton to discuss Canada's mindset heading into Sunday's match. play-btn-vid 0:45 de Guzman: Intensity will spill onto the pitch when Canada plays Croatia Croatia will be well-fueled with motivation heading into its game against Canada on Sunday and there will no doubt be an incredible amount of intensity on display. Croatia manager Zlatko Dalić had more comments on the well-publicized 'bad blood' and TSN Soccer analyst Julian de Guzman joins James Duthie to explain what he expects to see out of Croatia in terms of aggressiveness. play-btn-vid 2:29 'This man is special': Hutchinson set to appear in 100th cap for Canada Canada's captain Atiba Hutchinson is set to appear in his 100th cap for the Canadian side, and head coach John Herdman spoke about Hutchinson and what he means to the Canadian program. play-btn-vid 1:07 Herdman on Eustaquio: 'Everything he's earned, he's worked for' When Stephen Eustaquio nutmegged Kevin DeBruyne in Canada's opener, it was a moment that showed Canada belongs on the World Cup stage, but the way Eustaquio sees it, if it didn't help the team win, it didn't matter. Head coach John Herdman spoke about Eustaquio's development as a player. play-btn-vid 3:05 FIFA World Cup Herdman's inadvertent tabloid fodder has clearly gotten Croatia's undivided attention What started as a soundbite, turned into a media frenzy and has now morphed into a legitimate storyline which involves respect, pride and understanding. It doesn't matter that John Herdman's comments about Croatia did not come from a disrespectful place, but it does matter how the Croatians are interpreting it. TSN's Matthew Scianitti reports. 2:59 FIFA World Cup Canada's quest for first goal can't become an obsession Through four World Cup games, Canada is still on the hunt for its first goal at the competition but as badly as the team wants to score, it can't be something the players obsess about. 2:28 FIFA World Cup Must See: 'The Magic Man!' - Messi drives go-ahead goal into corner for Argentina With Argentina pinning Mexico in its own half, Lionel Messi just gets a sniff of an opening and he delivers with Argentina's go-ahead goal in the second half. 1:58 FIFA World Cup Argentine coach Martino lauds Canadian side Argentine coach Gerardo Martino had high praise for Canada, saying they 'showed the best football after the first slate of games.' The World Cup panel discusses Martino's praise for the Canadian side. 3:44 FIFA World Cup Mexico seek goal rush in World Cup group stage finale Mexico manager Gerardo "Tata" Martino knows that his squad need an exceptional performance against Saudi Arabia in the final game of the World Cup group stage, noting that they must find the back of the net several times to qualify for the knockout round. - Cesar Hernandez FIFA World Cup Poland top Saudi Arabia, Lewandowski gets his first Poland claimed their first victory of the 2022 FIFA World Cup with a 2-0 victory over Saudi Arabia on Saturday. FIFA World Cup Denmark calls on Euro 2020, Eriksen experience at World Cup Denmark has been here before. The Danes face a tense, must-win game at the World Cup to make it thr Canada Canadian men started at the bottom, now they're in Qatar with Drake as soundtrack Canadians in the crowd at Ahmad Bin Ali Stadium responded to the introduction with a tsunami of cheers Wednesday. The 2013 Drake song also promoted a raucous reaction in the crowd of 40,432. FIFA World Cup Saudi Arabia coach Renard sorry to disappoint mother Sorry, mom. Saudi Arabia coach Hervé Renard felt he disappointed his mother when Poland beat his team at the World Cup on Saturday. Saudi Arabia Saudi fans put on brave face after World Cup loss to Poland Despite clear disappointment over the 2-0 loss, Saudi fans were still basking in the glow of their team's improbable win against Argentina earlier this week, one of the biggest upsets in World Cup history. Brazil Neymar shows swollen ankle, plans to return at World Cup Neymar is planning a World Cup comeback despite posting a photo of his ankle still looking very swollen on Saturday. Brazil Brazil with plenty of options to replace Neymar at World Cup With Neymar out for at least another match at the World Cup, Brazil coach Tite must now start thinking about a replacement — and this time he has plenty of options. FIFA World Cup How can Canada get after Croatia and get a result on Sunday? It was always going to be a tough road in Group F for Canada, but after an impressive performance against Belgium, despite the result, the Canadian side is getting ready to take on the runner-up in 2018 in Croatia. Carmelina Moscato joins Kelcey Brade to discuss how best Canada can deal with a tough Croatian side. 2:28 FIFA World Cup Spain inspired Germany; now La Roja may end their 2022 run "Everything is at stake against Spain," Germany coach Hansi Flick said. Lose at Al Bayt Stadium on Sunday, and his team will be out before they have even reached the third game. That is catastrophic enough, and tends to bring consequences, but it might not only be about their place at the World Cup; it might be even more profound. There is something about the meetings between these sides that shapes them. Defeat at the hands of the Seleccion helped redefine Die Nationalmannschaft more than a decade ago; another one here in Qatar and that identity might face an inquisition. - Sid Lowe FIFA World Cup Australia beats Tunisia to revive World Cup campaign Australia only needed to avoid defeat to stay in the World Cup. The Socceroos did more than that in a 1-0 win over Tunisia on Saturday. FIFA World Cup Herdman says he was 'maybe a little too honest' in Belgium postgame interview After the media whirlwind caused by John Herdman's comments following Canada's loss to Belgium, the Canadian head coach says he was "maybe a little too honest" in answering the question about what he said to his team in their postgame huddle. He spoke to James Duthie about his World Cup "learning moment" and how Canada is preparing to take on Croatia. play-btn-vid 2:34 FIFA World Cup 'This man is special': Hutchinson set to appear in 100th cap for Canada Canada's captain Atiba Hutchinson is set to appear in his 100th cap for the Canadian side, and head coach John Herdman spoke about Hutchinson and what he means to the Canadian program. play-btn-vid 1:07 Portugal FIFA panel: Ronaldo 'genius' in dubious pen decision Cristiano Ronaldo performed a stroke of "genius" to win a controversial penalty for Portugal in their 3-2 win over Ghana, FIFA's expert World Cup analysts said in a briefing on Saturday. - ESPN FIFA World Cup Canada gets a taste of the intense scrutiny on the World Cup stage After John Herdman's colourful comments about Croatia elicited a colourful response from the Croatian media, Canada got a real taste of what it is to be a soccer nation at the World Cup. Matthew Scianitti has more on the intense scrutiny teams face at the World Cup, and the big match ahead for Canada. play-btn-vid 3:38 FIFA World Cup Johnston: Canada embracing extra hype vs. Croatia Defender Alistair Johnston said Friday Canada doesn't mind the extra media hype with the team in need of a result against Croatia on Sunday (LIVE on TSN at 10:45am et/7:45am pt). Help Accessibility Privacy Mobile Terms & Conditions TSN Direct Terms & Conditions Careers Advertise Political Ad Registry © 2022 All rights reserved.
