https://www.cbc.ca/radio/unreserved/from-scrip-to-road-allowances-canada-s-complicated-history-with-the-m%C3%A9tis-1.5100375/forced-to-live-on-roadsides-the-dark-history-of-m%C3%A9tis-road-allowances-1.5100660
Forced to live on roadsides: the dark history of Métis road allowances | CBC Radio Content Skip to Main ContentAccessibility Help Menu When search suggestions are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.Search Search Sign In Quick Links News Sports Radio Music Listen Live TV Watch radio CBC Radio Top Stories Shows Podcasts Schedules Frequency Listen Live More Forced to live on roadsides: the dark history of Métis road allowances | CBC Radio Loaded Unreserved Forced to live on roadsides: the dark history of Métis road allowances After the Métis were dispossessed of their land through the scrip process, many ended up squatting on small sections of land along the sides of roads and railway lines. Social Sharing Métis scholar Jesse Thistle calls communities 'sites of resilience and cultural resistance' Kyle Muzyka · Posted: Apr 26, 2019 10:44 AM ET | Last Updated: February 13, 2020 Jesse Thistle's great-grandmother Marianne Ledoux on the road allowance, taken in the 1950s. (Submitted by Jesse Thistle) Unreserved8:47Forced to live on roadsides: the dark history of Métis road allowances Originally published on April 28, 2019. Jesse Thistle sees the history of Métis "road allowance people" as a story of resilience and resistance. In 1872, the Dominion Land Survey divided the prairie into settlements called homesteads. In between those lots and sites, spaces were left for roads, future railway lines and other infrastructure. Ten feet on either side of these spaces were allotted for workers to do maintenance. These thin strips of land were often left unused by the Crown. READ: Jesse Thistle's memoir, From the Ashes "The Métis came to stay on these road allowances after they were dispossessed of their land through scrip," said the Michif scholar. The scrip process, where Métis people were issued a coupon to satisfy land claims, dispossessed Métis people from where their ancestors lived for generations, said Thistle. MORE ON SCRIP: Why Jason Madden thinks Métis scrip is Canada's 'best-kept secret' Thistle, who is working on his PhD at York University on road allowances, said the Métis people who moved onto these sections of Crown land established tight-knit communities. "[These were] very community-oriented types of spaces," Thistle said. "That's why I say that there were sites of resilience and cultural resistance." Jesse Thistle's maternal grandfather Jeremie Morrissette on the Erin Ferry road allowance in the mid-1970s. (Submitted by Jesse Thistle) Family history Thistle's research is through his own community in Park Valley, Sask., where many of his family members once lived on the sides of the road until as recently as 2002. Each community would consist of a few smaller shacks with what Thistle calls a typical Métis-style architecture: a log cabin made of poplar trees, roofed with tar paper to keep the moisture out. From street to scholar: Jesse Thistle creates new definition of Indigenous homelessness Métis people lived on the sides of the road illegally — although Thistle would argue it wasn't illegal — and hunted using illegal traplines too. The circumstances they were forced to live in were also policed by the government, making it difficult for communities to survive. Geordie Morrissette and family on the Morrissette road allowance in the 1920s. (Submitted by Jesse Thistle) The Métis gradually saved up enough money to move to the cities, buy property or move onto larger plots of land to farm. Thistle doesn't think there are any Métis people who still live on a road allowance today. Métis today Jesse Thistle is pursuing his PhD on road allowances at York University. (Submitted by Jesse Thistle) It's why few specifically Métis settlements remain today, save for a few areas in Alberta. It's a history, Thistle said, that is hardly taught because there isn't much visible history remaining. "It has to do with the way that we were dispossessed and our land was extinguished," he said. "There was no Department of Indigenous Affairs set up to create documents, to track history." The history is vital in understanding contemporary Métis people, he said. "It was and remains a vibrant history," Thistle said. "We should be very proud of our ancestors for enduring what they did and passing on a legacy of rich stories, connection to land and an identity. "[The history's] there if we go and search for it — we just have to look." Jesse Thistle's great-grandfather St. Pierre Arcand and family members on the road allowance in the 1940s. (Submitted by Jesse Thistle) More from this episode From church to ceremony: Métis returning to tradition Métis means much more than 'mixed blood' What's Métis scrip? North America's 'largest land swindle,' says Indigenous lawyer FULL EPISODE: From scrip to road allowances: Canada's complicated history with the Métis Related Stories Unreserved The pass system: another dark secret in Canadian history What's Métis scrip? North America's 'largest land swindle,' says Indigenous lawyer UNRESERVED From street to scholar: Jesse Thistle creates new definition of Indigenous homelessness Footer Links My Account Profile CBC Gem Newsletters About CBC Membership Connect with CBC Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile RSS Podcasts Contact CBC Submit Feedback Help Centre Audience Relations, CBC P.O. Box 500 Station A Toronto, ON Canada, M5W 1E6 Toll-free (Canada only): 1-866-306-4636 About CBC Corporate Info Sitemap Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Jobs Our Unions Independent Producers Political Ads Registry AdChoices Services Ombudsman Corrections and Clarifications Public Appearances Commercial Services CBC Shop Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities Radio Canada International Accessibility It is a priority for CBC to create a website that is accessible to all Canadians including people with visual, hearing, motor and cognitive challenges. Closed Captioning and Described Video is available for many CBC shows offered on CBC Gem. About CBC Accessibility Accessibility Feedback ©2022 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved. Visitez Radio-Canada.ca now
