https://edmonton.ctvnews.ca/something-special-3-local-kids-all-bantam-teammates-10-years-ago-reunite-as-edmonton-oilers-1.6172119
Former SSAC teammates Benson, Hamblin, Skinner on Oilers roster | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Edmonton Close EDMONTON Search Search CTV Edmonton Close News Latest News Everything Edmonton COVID-19 in Alberta CTV News Red Deer Northern Alberta Alberta Legislature City Hall Weather Traffic Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 Alberta Primetime About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us News Links Social Facebook Twitter Instagram TikTok Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers Edmonton 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers James Hamblin had a huge smile Monday when he spoke about his first NHL call up. He had tears streaming down his face just hours earlier. "Kind of a rush of emotions. I immediately called my dad and hardly even got it out to him," the Oilers forward said. "A lot of tears were shed." Not only is Hamblin expected to play his first NHL game in his hometown of Edmonton, he'll be dressed in the local team's orange and blue and sharing a dressing room with two childhood friends. Tyler Benson was called up alongside Hamblin on Sunday. Both played bantam together with the South Side Athletic Club (SSAC) AAA Lions in 2012-13. Oilers rookie goalie Stuart Skinner was in net that year. "It feels like this is where (Hamblin) belongs and it's pretty cool that the three of us get to be here together," Skinner said. "I'm so excited just for the opportunity to be here, to be around the guys. It's a lot of hard work put in, a lot of grinding to get here," Hamblin added. Oilers and Panthers meet after being on opposite ends of comebacks Leon Draisaitl caps Oilers' rally to stun Rangers 4-3 Oilers failed to 'find a way to crack' Islanders' Sorokin, Woodcroft says of 3-0 loss Tyler Benson, James Hamblin, Stuart Skinner and coach Taylor Harnett celebrate a championship in Lloydminster in 2013 (Sean Amato/CTV News Edmonton.) 'HE'S RELENTLESS' After winning a Western Canadian Bantam Championship together with the Lions, Hamblin went on to star for the WHL's Medicine Hat Tigers. He wasn't drafted in the NHL and was signed by the franchise as a free agent. Benson struggled with injuries for the Vancouver Giants, but was still a high second-round draft pick of the Oilers. He has three points in 36 games in the NHL and is recovering from a knee injury. Skinner went on to play in the Memorial Cup with the Swift Current Broncos. He was drafted by Edmonton in the third round. He started the year as backup to Jack Campbell but has played well and is pushing the veteran for playing time. "It's amazing. Isn't hockey a small world? What a great story that is. They've all had different journeys to get to that room and I think it's special," Oilers Head Coach Jay Woodcroft said Monday. While Benson will likely have to wait to play his first NHL game of this year, Hamblin is expected to play against the Florida Panthers at Rogers Place Monday. Woodcroft credited Hamblin's tenacity for not quitting after he wasn't drafted. "He's a hardworking guy and I'm happy that he earned his first NHL recall. He's relentless. He's a relentless person, driven to be the best that he can be," Woodcroft said. Stuart Skinner and teammates celebrate a championship with the the South Side Athletic Club (SSAC) AAA Lions in 2012-13 (Sean Amato/CTV News Edmonton.) 'THE CREDIT GOES TO THEM' Hamblin said he'll have a bunch of family and friends in the stands to cheer him on. The Oilers roster moves were also extra special for one man smiling all the way from Manitoba Monday. Taylor Harnett coached all three players with the SSAC Lions 10 years ago. He's now with the Junior A Waywayseecappo Wolverines. "I knew there was something special there. Obviously, I didn't foresee that this day would come. But I definitely knew they were capable of great things," Harnett told CTV News Edmonton. "I feel fortunate I was able to help them…But the credit goes to them. They always worked hard. They always had a goal in mind. If you're goal driven, if you have a plan and you work hard, you can accomplish great things." Harnett said he too was a bit emotional when he heard that Hamblin would get an opportunity to play in an NHL game. "I made a prediction that he was going to get an opportunity one day because of his desire and his determination," the coach recalled. Taylor Harnett coaching the South Side Athletic Club (SSAC) AAA Lions in 2012-13 (Sean Amato/CTV News Edmonton.) Harnett is an Oilers fan and said it's a thrill to watch the men he knew as teenagers get opportunities, not only at the highest level of hockey, but also with their hometown franchise. "Stuart Skinner is an amazing character and he was always in a great mood. Tyler led by example and those guys had an ability to light up a room and keep it loose," he said. Skinner was asked Monday about Harnett's influence. "I think it has to do with Taylor's coaching, for sure. If we didn't win those games, if we weren't as good as we were in bantam, maybe we weren't drafted in the same kind of position and you never know how things work out," he said with a smile. "It is really cool…there must be a good system at South Side. They must be doing something right," Hamblin added. The Oilers (11-10) play the Panthers at 7:30 p.m. Edmonton Top Stories Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Fresh supply of welders on the way to fill Alberta industry demand Edmonton to host biggest snowboarding event in Canada 40-year-old man's death in Fort McMurray under investigation Death of man in High Prairie was 'targeted': police Edmonton activates extreme weather response to protect the vulnerable as cold sets in CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Calgary police are investigating after a man was shot in the city’s southeast on Tuesday. Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon city council landed on a 3.93 per cent property tax hike for 2023. Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns Mandy Thibodeau is worried about the safety of her employees at the Subway on 22nd Street and 2nd Avenue in downtown Saskatoon. City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA The Saskatoon SPCA wants the city to cover the costs an animal faces when going from pound to shelter. Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Business operations are winding down at Saskatchewan government liquor stores as the remaining 34 locations will close their doors in the new year. Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Saskatchewan is forecasting a $1.1 billion surplus for 2022-23 in its mid-year financial report released on Tuesday. Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Regina city councillor Dan LeBlanc showed up to the Court at King's Bench Tuesday morning to set a date to make his case against the city's manager. Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' The mother of a man found dead last week in Moncton, N.B. is calling for change after what she calls a series of systemic failures led to his body being found in a cold public washroom. Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes A powerful weather front associated with a low centred in northern Quebec will sweep across the Maritimes Wednesday night into Thursday. $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman The Nova Scotia government is offering up to $150,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the disappearance of Devon Sinclair Marsman. Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Two people are in critical condition following a shooting in Scarborough Tuesday evening. Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Complaints of trash illegally dumped on Toronto streets have doubled as city enforcement has plummeted -- a recipe, some residents say, for smelly and unsightly garbage to litter neighbourhoods. Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 The City of Montreal announced an average tax rate increase of 4.1 per cent for residential properties in the city centre on Tuesday. It will be the highest tax increase since 2010. Residential property taxes collected by the city centre will go up an average of 4.1 per cent in 2023. Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Concerned about the decline of French in Quebec, particularly in Montreal, Premier François Legault says he will release more details of a plan that would require 100 per cent of economic immigrants to be French-speaking. Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal A 64-year-old man has died after his helicopter crashed in a field in Lefebvre, Que. Tuesday afternoon. Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct An Ottawa woman is accusing a well-known lawyer of sexual misconduct, saying he offered her legal services in exchange for sexual favours. Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash A teenager who followed his dream to play U.S. college basketball is now faced with a life-changing event, after a car crash in Nebraska left him paralyzed. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Region of Waterloo staff say sweeping new provincial housing legislation will cost the region and its seven municipalities an estimated $530 million over the next 10 years, and taxpayers could be on the hook to make up the difference. Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified A victim has been identified after a multi-day investigation in Brant County that began as a suspicious death before being ruled a homicide. Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home St. James Catholic High School construction teacher, Jerry Della Savia, says he thought it was the perfect opportunity to take skills learned during class and have students apply them in a valuable way in the community. Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV A Sudbury family is sharing their story after their son spent a week in the hospital with respiratory syncytial virus. Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting A large female coyote has been captured on video patrolling a street in the Greater Sudbury area and here is what you should know. Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Three years ago, during a moment of suffering from post-traumatic stress, Dre crashed her car into some trees on Municipal Road between Timmins and Iroquois Falls. Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity A local business owner is being hailed as a quiet philanthropist after donating a gift to the Winnipeg Foundation valued at about $500 million, the largest individual gift ever made to a Canadian charity. Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines Some Winnipeggers are undeterred by the possibility of fines for shovelling bike lanes. 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head The Manitoba Underdogs Rescue is calling on the public for help to save a dog that was found with severe injuries to his head and face. Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP Surrey's new mayor and council have taken the next step in their plan to scrap the Surrey Police Service and maintain the RCMP as the city's police force. How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? B.C. volunteers who dismantled what they're calling "tire island" – sending more than 2,000 of the parts to be recycled – are trying to figure out how the tires got there, and why they seem to have been left there for decades. Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found After Jodine Millar's vehicle was found in an Abbotsford ditch – without her in it —Mounties say they are increasingly concerned for the missing woman's safety. Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather BC Ferries has cancelled eight sailings between Vancouver and Victoria on Tuesday due to "adverse weather." The cancelled sailings come as much of coastal B.C. endures a winter storm. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow A semi-truck got stuck on the Malahat highway on Tuesday afternoon amid heavy snowfall in the region. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
