https://www.swissinfo.ch/eng
Front Page - SWI swissinfo.ch Navigation Jump to Homepage Jump to Navigation Jump to content Skip to search Your web browser is outdated. Please use a modern web browser for a better experience. Chrome Firefox Edge Swiss perspectives in 10 languages Sign In User profile Close Search Menu Search function Search Front Page Main category ED Front Page More More The uncanny reinvention of autocracy    The uncanny reinvention of autocracy    This content was published on Nov 30, 2022 Nov 30, 2022 New undemocratic rulers fear neither elections nor citizen participation in public life. But they forget people’s desire for freedom, says the... ED Front Page More More Meet the Swiss army’s elite soldiers This content was published on Nov 29, 2022 Nov 29, 2022 Few people in Switzerland are aware of the existence of AAD10, an elite detachment that gets deployed only under government approval. More More Expats bemoan lack of dining options in Swiss cities This content was published on Nov 29, 2022 Nov 29, 2022 All four Swiss cities in the Expat City Ranking 2022 have gained places since last year – however, there’s still plenty of room for improvement. How big is the nuclear threat? This content was published on Nov 29, 2022 Nov 29, 2022 Vladimir Putin has threathened the West and Ukraine with nuclear strikes. How worried should we be? More More Is war a man’s business? This content was published on Nov 28, 2022 Nov 28, 2022 Political scientist Leandra Bias discusses authoritarianism and anti-feminism. More More Swiss Film Selection SWI swissinfo.ch offers a selection of Swiss films in English chosen from the Swiss streaming platform Play Suisse. ED Front Page More More How the war in Ukraine fuels underfunding for other crises This content was published on Nov 28, 2022 Nov 28, 2022 UN refugee agency UNHCR says it is facing an unprecedented funding gap this year. The situation is similar for other aid agencies. Qatar World Cup More More Swiss prepare for history-laden clash with Serbia at World Cup This content was published on Nov 29, 2022 Nov 29, 2022 Ahead of Friday’s mustn’t-lose match against Serbia, Swiss footballers are playing down political tensions from the previous encounter. More More Football association chief ‘disappointed’ over FIFA armband decision This content was published on Nov 26, 2022 Nov 26, 2022 SFA President Dominique Blanc says he was disappointed about FIFA’s decision to ban the “OneLove” armband at the World Cup in Qatar. More More Switzerland disappointed at ‘OneLove’ World Cup armband ban This content was published on Nov 21, 2022 Nov 21, 2022 The Swiss football team has backed down on a pledge to adorn their captain with a World Cup armband sporting the ‘OneLove’ message of inclusion. More More ‘I would love to meet the Swiss footballers’ This content was published on Nov 19, 2022 Nov 19, 2022 What is it like to live in a country criticised over its preparations for the football World Cup and where freedom of opinion is restricted? More More FIFA’s Infantino criticises ‘moral lessons’ of World Cup detractors This content was published on Nov 19, 2022 Nov 19, 2022 Saying he feels "gay" and like a migrant worker, FIFA president Gianni Infantino derided criticism of Qatar 2022 as hypocrisy. More More How Qatar could spy on World Cup visitors This content was published on Nov 16, 2022 Nov 16, 2022 Drones, surveillance vehicles and mobile-phone hacking: the clandestine spying services proposed to Qatar by a former CIA agent. More More Amnesty urges FIFA to compensate World Cup migrant workers This content was published on Nov 11, 2022 Nov 11, 2022 World Cup host Qatar and Zurich-based FIFA continue to face intense criticism from human rights groups and observers. More More Iran should be barred from World Cup, says ex-FIFA boss Blatter This content was published on Nov 11, 2022 Nov 11, 2022 Iran should be barred from the World Cup amid widespread rights protests in the country, says former FIFA president Sepp Blatter More More Swiss-Qatar relations in the shadow of the World Cup This content was published on Nov 11, 2022 Nov 11, 2022 Controversies surrounding the tournament have done little to deter the Swiss business and political elite from the glint of Qatari purchasing power. More More Sportswashing the World Cup from Geneva This content was published on Nov 10, 2022 Nov 10, 2022 After being chosen as World Cup host, Qatar set its sights on Geneva as the place to roll out a massive PR campaign to boost its image. More More Qatar’s Swiss hub for foreign policy This content was published on Nov 10, 2022 Nov 10, 2022 In choosing Geneva as a hub to implement its foreign policy, Qatar gained access to NGOs, the UN and FIFA. More More Swiss squad announced for football World Cup in Qatar This content was published on Nov 9, 2022 Nov 9, 2022 Murat Yakin, manager of the Swiss national football team, has unveiled the 26 players who will travel to the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. More More ICSS: Sports at the service of state security  This content was published on Nov 10, 2022 Nov 10, 2022 From the start, the agenda of the International Centre for Sports Security was tainted by a lack of transparency and links to Qatar. More More Promoting integrity without transparency This content was published on Nov 10, 2022 Nov 10, 2022 The Sports Integrity Global Alliance (SIGA) is another mitigated Qatari effort to boost its reputation. More More ‘Project Merciless’: how Qatar spied on the world of football in Switzerland This content was published on Nov 2, 2022 Nov 2, 2022 Qatar orchestrated a major intelligence operation against FIFA officials helped by ex-CIA agents. Switzerland was a key theatre of operations. More More Swiss chef in Qatar: ‘A tsunami of people is coming our way’ This content was published on Nov 12, 2022 Nov 12, 2022 Swiss chef Simon Wipf talks about life in Qatar, the World Cup host country which is currently the focus of global scrutiny. More More Dominique Soguel What should be done to ensure mega sporting events do not harm human rights or the environment? More More ‘Is Qatar ready for the whole world? I don’t think so’ This content was published on Nov 5, 2022 Nov 5, 2022 The football World Cup kicks off in Qatar in two weeks. A Swiss teacher gives us her insights into a challenging culture. More More Join the discussion Swiss Abroad Isabelle Bannerman What were your experiences of moving abroad? Share your experiences with us. External Content Each day, SWI swissinfo.ch selects and presents content from our European public service media partners as part of a project of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU). ED Front Page More More Coronavirus: the situation in Switzerland This content was published on Nov 29, 2022 Nov 29, 2022 The number of new Covid infections has stabilised but remains at a high level. More More Swiss excel at WorldSkills apprenticeship ‘Olympics’ This content was published on Nov 27, 2022 Nov 27, 2022 Swiss apprentices have won 19 medals, including five golds, at the international WorldSkills competition, putting Switzerland in third place overall. More More ‘You can’t cover a war from afar,’ says Swiss reporter in Ukraine This content was published on Nov 27, 2022 Nov 27, 2022 The Kyiv correspondent for Swiss public television RTS, Maurine Mercier, has won two awards this autumn for her humane coverage of the war. More More Archaeology helps debunk myths of Celtic Switzerland This content was published on Nov 26, 2022 Nov 26, 2022 New digs uncover objects that give a clearer picture of how the Gauls lived. More More Human Rights Council condemns Iran violence, sets up probe This content was published on Nov 25, 2022 Nov 25, 2022 The UN Human Rights Council has condemned ongoing violence in Iran, and voted to set up an independent probe. More More Switzerland’s worst-ever gun massacre This content was published on Nov 25, 2022 Nov 25, 2022 On September 27, 2001, a gunman carried out a deadly attack on the Zug regional parliament, shooting dead 14 politicians before killing himself. War in Ukraine More More How the war in Ukraine fuels underfunding for other crises This content was published on Nov 28, 2022 Nov 28, 2022 UN refugee agency UNHCR says it is facing an unprecedented funding gap this year. The situation is similar for other aid agencies. More More ‘You can’t cover a war from afar,’ says Swiss reporter in Ukraine This content was published on Nov 27, 2022 Nov 27, 2022 The Kyiv correspondent for Swiss public television RTS, Maurine Mercier, has won two awards this autumn for her humane coverage of the war. More More Switzerland to join latest EU sanctions, targeting Russian oil This content was published on Nov 23, 2022 Nov 23, 2022 The government said on Wednesday it had adopted the remaining measures in the eighth package of EU sanctions against Russia. More More Ambassador: Switzerland has clear position in Ukraine This content was published on Nov 23, 2022 Nov 23, 2022 Claude Wild says the Swiss stance on the conflict is clearly in support of Kyiv, and that the Russian aggression is “illegal and illegitimate”. More More Switzerland sends third fire engine to Ukraine This content was published on Nov 23, 2022 Nov 23, 2022 Switzerland has sent a third fire engine and more equipment to Ukraine as part of to fight fires, purify contaminated water and clear rubble. More More Ukraine confirms former top prosecutor as new ambassador in Bern This content was published on Nov 18, 2022 Nov 18, 2022 Volodymyr Zelensky has signed a decree confirming the selection of Iryna Venediktova as ambassador to Switzerland. More More Extended Ukrainian grain deal offers temporary relief to food crisis This content was published on Nov 18, 2022 Nov 18, 2022 A deal allowing food exports from Ukrainian ports that is key to easing the food crisis has been extended despite Moscow’s threats to opt out. More More Switzerland ends emergency cash exchange system for Ukraine refugees This content was published on Nov 18, 2022 Nov 18, 2022 A special facility to allow Ukrainian refugees to exchange their hryvnia currency into Swiss francs discontinues due to lack of demand. More More Sanctioned Swiss ‘supported Russian military supply chain’ This content was published on Nov 15, 2022 Nov 15, 2022 Several Swiss nationals and companies are accused by the US of being part of a “transnational network procuring technology that supports the... More More Criminal complaint over leak of Swiss president's Ukraine itinerary This content was published on Nov 11, 2022 Nov 11, 2022 The Swiss foreign ministry has filed a criminal complaint over an apparent leak to the media on minister Ignazio Cassis’s recent visit to Ukraine. More More Inside Geneva: What is the nuclear threat? Inside Geneva: What is the nuclear threat? This content was published on Nov 29, 2022 Nov 29, 2022 Russia has hinted nuclear weapons could be used again. In this podcast episode, Inside Geneva host Imogen Foulkes asks experts how big the threat is. More More WorldSkills showcases the talents of the future This content was published on Nov 27, 2022 Nov 27, 2022 Young Swiss apprentices work with many materials. But most precious are their knowledge and skills, as seen at the WorldSkills 2022 competition. More More Switzerland denounces COP27 outcome This content was published on Nov 20, 2022 Nov 20, 2022 The climate conference ended on Sunday with an agreement to set up a 'loss and damage' fund for developing countries. More More Swiss societies in California work to maintain cultural heritage This content was published on Nov 20, 2022 Nov 20, 2022 Diane Wagner wants clubs for the Swiss Abroad to make themselves future-proof. We meet her in California. More More The Great Swiss Post Office Robbery This content was published on Nov 18, 2022 Nov 18, 2022 In 1997, a gang of amateur crooks made off with CHF53 million ($54.8 million) after holding up Zurich’s Fraumünster post office. More More The Swiss scientist battling to prevent future pandemics This content was published on Nov 15, 2022 Nov 15, 2022 A special report on epidemiologist and "One Health" pioneer Jakob Zinsstag, who works tirelessly to prevent viruses spreading from animals to humans. More More How Qatar could spy on World Cup visitors This content was published on Nov 16, 2022 Nov 16, 2022 Drones, surveillance vehicles and mobile-phone hacking: the clandestine spying services proposed to Qatar by a former CIA agent. Europe’s energy crisis More More ‘Shortage’ dominates Swiss Words of the Year This content was published on Nov 29, 2022 Nov 29, 2022 After two years of pandemic-related Words of the Year, the energy crisis facing Europe has left its mark on the jury in 2022. More More Swiss reserve power plant to be operational by February This content was published on Nov 28, 2022 Nov 28, 2022 A new 250-megawatt power plant in northern Switzerland will be functional on February 15, operator General Electric has confirmed. More More Lights off: Swiss towns make Christmas energy savings This content was published on Nov 27, 2022 Nov 27, 2022 Many Swiss places will use energy more sparingly for their Christmas lights and markets. But they won’t do without the “Christmas magic” entirely. More More Government moots backup plans in case of electricity shortages This content was published on Nov 23, 2022 Nov 23, 2022 The government has presented a draft step-by-step plan to come into effect should there be a serious shortage of electricity. More More Swiss electricity boss: energy crunch has not been totally averted This content was published on Nov 21, 2022 Nov 21, 2022 The head of the Swiss Federal Electricity Commission says it is important to keep saving electricity to prevent energy shortages this winter. More More Government firms up plans in case of gas outage This content was published on Nov 16, 2022 Nov 16, 2022 In case of a shortage, households and businesses which heat with gas will be asked to turn temperatures down to 20°C. More More Swiss government takes further measures to prevent energy crunch This content was published on Nov 9, 2022 Nov 9, 2022 The Swiss government has approved the use of emergency power generators for the coming winter to provide a total output of 280 MW. More More Government sees no need for energy price relief steps This content was published on Nov 3, 2022 Nov 3, 2022 The Swiss government will not provide financial aid this winter to companies and households hit hard by surging energy prices. More More Swiss companies cut production on high energy prices This content was published on Nov 1, 2022 Nov 1, 2022 One in ten companies in Switzerland have scaled back output because of high electricity prices before possible winter energy shortages. More More The energy crisis is about to make your Swiss ski holiday more expensive This content was published on Oct 30, 2022 Oct 30, 2022 Swiss hotels, holiday apartments and ski passes look set to be more expensive this winter, largely due higher energy prices. More More Report: Switzerland should get through winter without power restrictions This content was published on Oct 29, 2022 Oct 29, 2022 While Switzerland still faces an energy crunch, it should get through winter with enough power, a new study reportedly shows. More More Report: solar power can reduce Swiss reliance on hydro This content was published on Oct 28, 2022 Oct 28, 2022 A study has outlined how new solar infrastructure, combined with existing dams, can help Switzerland avoid an energy shortage. More More Energy crisis ‘will last many years’, says economics minister This content was published on Oct 22, 2022 Oct 22, 2022 Guy Parmelin says it is important not only to think about the winter, but to do everything to ensure that Switzerland produces more energy. More More Annual Bern light show to go ahead despite energy crisis This content was published on Oct 22, 2022 Oct 22, 2022 Despite worries about power shortages, the light spectacle “Rendez-vous Bundesplatz” will take place again this autumn. More More Swiss companies and towns join forces to save energy This content was published on Oct 20, 2022 Oct 20, 2022 Switzerland launches Energy Saving Alliance of companies, cantons, civil society and towns to preserve winter gas and electricity supplies. More More Switzerland sets out power contingency plans for winter This content was published on Oct 19, 2022 Oct 19, 2022 The Swiss government has put forward a package of measures aimed at shoring up the country’s power supplies during the winter. More More Mountaintop solar farms spark tensions in Switzerland This content was published on Oct 17, 2022 Oct 17, 2022 Building large solar parks in high-mountain regions is arguably an effective way to produce more power in winter. But it remains highly controversial. More More Simon Bradley What do you think about solar farms in the Swiss Alps? More More Swiss companies brace for energy crunch This content was published on Oct 14, 2022 Oct 14, 2022 Companies in the industrial and chemical industries are preparing to manage higher energy costs this winter More More Switzerland is well prepared for winter energy crunch, says minister This content was published on Oct 13, 2022 Oct 13, 2022 The Swiss energy minister has expressed optimism that the country is sufficiently prepared to deal with any energy shortages this winter. More More Electricity firms on the hunt for Alpine solar opportunities This content was published on Oct 9, 2022 Oct 9, 2022 After parliament recently eased regulations for building high-altitude solar parks, seven Swiss firms are looking around for options. More More President: ‘Russia using energy and migration as weapon against Europe’ This content was published on Oct 7, 2022 Oct 7, 2022 Swiss President Ignazio Cassis has spoken of a turning point for the continent at the first summit of the European Political Community. More More Some 58% of Swiss buildings heated with fossil fuels This content was published on Oct 6, 2022 Oct 6, 2022 The share of buildings heated with oil has declined in recent years while gas heating as well as heat pumps have become more popular. More More Patricia Islas How can we reduce energy consumption? More More Energy crisis acting as drag for Swiss economy This content was published on Oct 5, 2022 Oct 5, 2022 The KOF economic institute has joined other forecasting agencies to lower its predictions for the Swiss economy. More More Explainer: how the Swiss electricity market works This content was published on Oct 3, 2022 Oct 3, 2022 Switzerland is also suffering from the energy crisis, but a distinctive characteristic of its market is that it is only partially liberalised. More More Swiss landlords fear lawsuits for turning down heating This content was published on Oct 2, 2022 Oct 2, 2022 Landlords and tenants oppose government calls to reduce heating to 19 degrees. More More Swiss electricity savings drive slow out of the blocks This content was published on Oct 1, 2022 Oct 1, 2022 Electricity consumption in Switzerland remains at normal levels despite a government appeal for households to make savings. More More Swiss willing to give up tumble-dryer but not hot showers This content was published on Sep 28, 2022 Sep 28, 2022 A survey by the Tamedia media group shows which things Swiss people would be most willing to sacrifice in the case of a serious energy shortage. More More Swiss hydropower prepares for future energy shortage This content was published on Sep 16, 2022 Sep 16, 2022 The severe drought in Europe has hampered hydroelectric output across the continent. What is the impact on Switzerland, the water tower of Europe? More More Switzerland braces for winter energy crunch This content was published on Sep 14, 2022 Sep 14, 2022 Explainer: why is there a risk of an energy shortage this winter? What is Switzerland doing to reduce gas and electricity consumption? More More Fact check: will the Swiss be jailed for heating their homes above 19°C? This content was published on Sep 13, 2022 Sep 13, 2022 A rumour is circulating abroad that people in Switzerland will be fined – and even jailed – if they set their thermostat above 19°C. More More CERN drafts plans to idle accelerators due to Europe’s energy crunch This content was published on Sep 5, 2022 Sep 5, 2022 Europe’s energy crisis is threatening to slow fundamental physics experiments at CERN, according to the Wall Street Journal. More More Switzerland buys mobile gas turbines as energy backup for winter This content was published on Sep 3, 2022 Sep 3, 2022 The Swiss government has commandeered eight mobile gas turbines to strengthen the country's energy security. More More Swiss population urged to save energy to mitigate winter shortages This content was published on Aug 31, 2022 Aug 31, 2022 The Swiss government has appealed to the population to save on household energy ahead of anticipated electricity and gas shortages this winter. More More Anxious Swiss invest in private power generators This content was published on Aug 23, 2022 Aug 23, 2022 Gas shortage and power blackouts? Households in Switzerland are upgrading. More More Swiss prepare for energy shortage ‘extreme scenarios’ This content was published on Aug 20, 2022 Aug 20, 2022 Swiss government and cantons want to be prepared for “extreme scenarios” in the face of possible energy shortages this winter, an official says. More More Swiss electricity providers face shocking challenges This content was published on Jul 24, 2022 Jul 24, 2022 How can blackouts be avoided given the volatility of renewable energies and the increase in electricity consumption? More More Power rationing possible, warns Swiss electricity company boss This content was published on Jun 24, 2022 Jun 24, 2022 Swiss electricity company boss warns of an impending power crunch this winter, raising the spectre of rationing. More More Decrypting Swiss energy bills This content was published on Jun 6, 2022 Jun 6, 2022 Until recently the increase of Swiss energy bills was slower than in most countries. This doesn’t mean part of the population does not feel the pain. More More Switzerland mulls impact of possible EU ban on Russian oil This content was published on May 4, 2022 May 4, 2022 Brussels has proposed a phased-in ban on all imports of Russian oil as part of new sanctions against Moscow. More More What the Ukraine war means for Switzerland’s energy policy This content was published on Mar 19, 2022 Mar 19, 2022 Switzerland gets almost half of its gas from Russia. An analysis of how the country's energy policy is being affected by the war in Ukraine. More More 'Next winter will be difficult in Europe without Russian gas' This content was published on Mar 19, 2022 Mar 19, 2022 The US wants to cut dependence on Russian oil and gas, but this will be difficult for Switzerland and Europe, a top gas expert tells SWI swissinfo.ch. More More Russia sanctions: Nord Stream 2 fires more than 140 people in Zug This content was published on Mar 2, 2022 Mar 2, 2022 Swiss-based company Nord Stream 2, which is in charge of the gas pipeline project between Russia and Germany, has made employees redundant. In Focus More More Why melting glaciers affect us all Alpine glaciers could disappear by the end of the century. The consequences will be felt not only in the Swiss Alps but throughout Europe. More More Anti-Semitism in Switzerland Anti-Semitic prejudices tend to rise to the surface during crises. Switzerland has a history of this kind of discrimination. More More Listen to our podcast, Inside Geneva On Inside Geneva host Imogen Foulkes puts big questions facing the world to the experts working to tackle them in international Geneva. More More In space exploration, Switzerland punches above its weight Nobel laureates, an exoplanet telescope, and instruments on board 50 space missions: In space, Switzerland is everywhere. More More The changing face of International Geneva International Geneva is an important hub for multilateralism. But it is facing some unprecedented challenges. More More Swiss CO2 emissions: Small country, big footprint The much-lauded Swiss quality of life has a dark side – namely levels of consumerism and convenience that jack up the national carbon footprint. More More How neutral is Switzerland, really? The war in Ukraine is forcing Switzerland to explain its neutrality. More More Why the world should take note of the Swiss apprenticeship model Some consider the system the “gold standard” in vocational training. More More Science in Switzerland: the women driving change We present some of the pioneering women making a valuable contribution to scientific research in Switzerland. More More How easy is it for foreign students to study in Swiss universities? Swiss universities are increasingly popular with foreign students, even in coronavirus pandemic times. More More Swiss solutions for storing the energy of tomorrow The global challenge is not only to produce more energy from renewable sources, but also to store it efficiently and sustainably. More More The fight for gender equality in Swiss art institutions Art museums are still mostly occupied by works made by men. Awareness has only recently been raised in Switzerland, stirring the cultural scene. More More Fifty shades of democracy: can you measure people power? Can we really say who has the “best” democracy? More More The Swiss Alps are beautiful, but are they biodiverse? The demands of a growing human population often clash with the needs of nature, a fact that regularly sparks political debate in Switzerland. More More French, German, Italian, Romansh, English: How do the Swiss talk to each other? Switzerland's cultural scene is linguistically intertwined. More More Can Swiss watchmakers survive more disruption? You no longer need a watch to know what time it is. Where does that leave the Swiss watch industry? More More How did Switzerland become Switzerland? The most important chapters in Swiss history up to 1848 1848 saw the creation of the Swiss federal state and a unique democratic island in the sea of monarchist Europe. More More How to guarantee the pensions of the next generation Switzerland faces a unique obstacle when it comes to preventing the pension system from collapsing. More More The long road to women’s suffrage in Switzerland Swiss women had to wait until 1971 until they got the right to vote. Why did it take so long? More More Why Switzerland needs workers from abroad Switzerland is an attractive place to work and the country needs specialists. But work permits can be hard to come by. SWI swissinfo.ch - a branch of Swiss Broadcasting Corporation SRG SSR Swiss perspectives in 10 languages en English de Deutsch fr Français it Italiano es Español pt Português ja 日本語 ar عربي zh 中文 ru Pусский Choose a profile picture Login Username or e-mail Password Forgot your password? Login or continue with Dont have an account? Register Register Your data is used to pre-fill some form fields. E-mail New password Password must be Between 8 to 128 characters Have at least 1 numeric character Continue Have an account? Login Enhance your profile Your enhanced Profile Data is being used once you start to contribute to the community Choose a profile picture Delete profile picture Username Random Username generated Feel free to change the random generated username. Language English Deutsch Français Italiano Español Português 日本語 عربي 中文 Pусский Country - Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Caribbean Netherlands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo - Brazzaville Congo - Kinshasa Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d’Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard & McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong SAR China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR China Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands North Korea North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Samoa San Marino São Tomé & Príncipe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Barthélemy St. Helena St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Martin St. Pierre & Miquelon St. Vincent & Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard & Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S. Outlying Islands U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis & Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Place of residence Back Continue Optional information Given name Surname Receive e-mails for replies to your contribution I have read Terms Of Use and I accept. Back Create profile Confirm with your email A confirmation e-mail has been sent to your address. Please click the link in the e-mail to activate your account. Did not recieve email? Send again Reset password E-mail Reset password Please enter your email address so that the password reset email can be sent to you account. Dont have an account? Register Confirm with your email A password reset e-mail has been sent to your address. Please click the link in the e-mail to reset your password. Dont have an account? Register Logout Close My Account My Debates My Questions Newsletter Choose a profile picture Delete profile picture Your account is connected with Username Your name E-mail Password Change your password Country Place of residence Language Receive e-mails for replies to your contribution Edit Profile Account information Username E-mail Contact information Given name Surname Location information Place of residence Country - Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Caribbean Netherlands Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo - Brazzaville Congo - Kinshasa Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d’Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard & McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong SAR China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao SAR China Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar (Burma) Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands North Korea North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Samoa San Marino São Tomé & Príncipe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Barthélemy St. Helena St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Martin St. Pierre & Miquelon St. Vincent & Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard & Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S. Outlying Islands U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Wallis & Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Language English Deutsch Français Italiano Español Português 日本語 عربي 中文 Pусский Contribution Receive e-mails for replies to your contribution Save Delete profile Close Your contributions in our articles and debates. Join our discussions. You can find an overview of ongoing debates with our journalists here. Send us your input What questions would you like to put up for debate with our multilingual reader community? Let us know what topics you would like to discuss with fellow SWI readers. Your contribution Our journalists will take your contribution on board for their coverage and may follow up with you via email. If you have questions, get in touch. Submit Write another question Your contribution... Your questions Join our discussions. You can find an overview of ongoing debates with our journalists here. Send us your input What questions would you like to put up for debate with our multilingual reader community? Let us know what topics you would like to discuss with fellow SWI readers. Your contribution Our journalists will take your contribution on board for their coverage and may follow up with you via email. If you have questions, get in touch. Submit Write another question Your contribution... Your newsletter subscriptions Your subscriptions with the email address {0} With our newsletters you get the top stories to your inbox. The SBC Privacy Policy provides additional information on how your data is processed. I consent to the use of my data for the SWI swissinfo.ch newsletter. Select any of the newsletters below to "Subscribe" with your email address {0} Subscribe Change your password Current password New password Confirm new password Change your password Cancel Do you really want to delete your profile? Delete profile Cancel
