https://www.bbc.co.uk/news
Home - BBC News Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC Account Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds Bitesize CBeebies CBBC Food Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture TV Weather Sounds More menu Search BBC Search BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds Bitesize CBeebies CBBC Food Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News News NavigationSections HomeHome selected War in Ukraine Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech Science Stories Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads More More sections HomeHome selected War in Ukraine Coronavirus Climate Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Isle of Man Guernsey Jersey Local News Business Business Home Market Data New Economy New Tech Economy Companies Technology of Business Economy CEO Secrets Global Trade Cost of Living Tech Science Stories Entertainment & Arts Health Health Home Coronavirus In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads BBC News Home BreakingBreaking news Close breaking news Latest Stories Most ReadSkip to most read Latest Stories Most Read Top Stories Alzheimer's drug hailed as momentous breakthrough Lecanemab is the first drug to remove damage, but there are questions around its impact, side effects and use. 1han hour ago Health Alzheimer's drug hailed as momentous breakthrough Lecanemab is the first drug to remove damage, but there are questions around its impact, side effects and use. 1han hour ago Health Related content Funding to develop 'astonishing' Alzheimer's test 'Just like that - the woman I love changed' Oath Keepers founder guilty of US sedition Founder Stewart Rhodes and one other member, Kelly Meggs, were both found guilty on the rare charge. 28m28 minutes ago US & Canada ‘How I escaped my father’s militia’ Talking to Russians on Ukraine's surrender hotline The "I Want To Live" project says it is getting up to 100 enquiries a day from invading troops. 2h2 hours ago Europe Why Iran gave the US flowers in 1998 World Cup clash Tensions were high again as Iran and the US headed towards their latest showdown at the World Cup. 5h5 hours ago US & Canada US Senate passes bill to protect same-sex marriage The bill now goes back to the Democrat-led House before President Biden signs it into law. 15m15 minutes ago US & Canada Nato pledges Ukraine arms and power grid support Millions of Ukrainians remain without power and water in freezing temperatures after Russian strikes. 5h5 hours ago Europe Ex-Australia PM's secrecy prompts historic censure Scott Morrison has been formally condemned by MPs for giving himself extra powers while in office. 16m17 minutes ago Australia Family reunited by DNA 51 years after kidnapping A DNA test and an ancestry website have helped end a family's agonising search for answers. 11h11 hours ago US & Canada And the word of the year is... gaslighting Searches for the word have spiked by 1,740% this year, according to the Merriam-Webster Dictionary. 10h10 hours ago US & Canada Some football fans are in trouble with Fifa Croatia is being investigated by Fifa after fans targeted Canada's goalie for family ties to Serbia. 1han hour ago US & Canada And the word of the year is... gaslighting Searches for the word have spiked by 1,740% this year, according to the Merriam-Webster Dictionary. 10h10 hours ago US & Canada Some football fans are in trouble with Fifa Croatia is being investigated by Fifa after fans targeted Canada's goalie for family ties to Serbia. 1han hour ago US & Canada Rashford double sees England top group as Wales exit Marcus Rashford scores twice as England beat Wales to qualify top of Group B but Rob Page's men exit. 5h5 hours ago BBC Sport Comments Jailed Belarus protest leader 'in intensive care' Maria Kolesnikova is in a serious but stable condition in hospital, her allies say. 7h7 hours ago Europe Crocodile wrangler charged over fatal chopper crash Reality TV star Matt Wright is accused of destroying evidence and other offences in Australia. 1han hour ago Australia Must see Video Video Ros Atkins on... China's protest crackdown How to Watch BBC World News TV The latest global news, sport, weather and documentaries Audio Listen Live Audio BBC World Service Radio Stories from around the world Video Video Mauna Loa volcano eruption, lava seen from space Video Video Camels battle it out in Qatar beauty contest How Giving Tuesday became a global phenomenon Video Video Five dramatic days of protests across China Detectorist's medieval ring sells for £38k Most watched 1 Video Camels battle it out in Qatar beauty contest 2 Video Ros Atkins on... China's protest crackdown 3 Video WATCH: Five dramatic days of protests across China 4 Video Mauna Loa volcano eruption, lava seen from space 5 Video Not only victory, we need justice - Olena Zelenska Full Story How Davido's tragedy could impact pool safety What would be affected if a rail strike happens? Iranian anti-government football fans protest in Qatar 10 TV shows to watch this December Germans wary of new influx of Ukrainian refugees Why Dutch 'bike banks' are a game changer for kids India bridge collapse victims still wait for answers Most read 1 Alzheimer's drug hailed as momentous breakthrough 2 Talking to Russians on Ukraine's surrender hotline 3 Oath Keepers founder guilty of US sedition 4 ‘How I escaped my father’s militia’ 5 Ex-Australia PM's secrecy prompts historic censure 6 Jailed Belarus protest leader 'in intensive care' 7 Family reunited by DNA 51 years after kidnapping 8 Outback Wrangler charged over fatal chopper crash 9 Nato pledges Ukraine arms and power grid support 10 Why Iran gave the US flowers in 1998 World Cup clash Around the BBC What it's like to grow up with autism BBC Future The trust crisis facing women leaders BBC Worklife The train that shouldn't exist BBC Travel Time to reconsider Britney's legacy? BBC Culture The Alps' long tradition of clean power BBC Future The misery of middle managers BBC Worklife A quintessentially Irish way to travel BBC Travel SportSee All 'A poignant personal moment for true exciting talent Rashford' 3h3 hours ago Football Comments USA relishing Dutch battle - with or without Pulisic 2h2 hours ago Football Woods calls for Norman to quit as LIV boss 8h8 hours ago Golf Livingstone to make debut in first Test v Pakistan 4h4 hours ago Cricket Brilliant Gakpo can 'go to the moon and back' 5h5 hours ago Football Comments Koulibaly sends Senegal through to face England 5h5 hours ago Football Comments All-female referee team at World Cup for first time 4h4 hours ago Football Find us here News daily newsletter Get news from the BBC in your inbox each weekday morning Mobile app Find out more about our BBC News App Get in touch Email us at haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk Send an SMS or MMS to +44 7624 800100 Follow Have Your Say on Twitter Why you can trust BBC News News NavigationSections Sections HomeHome selected War in Ukraine Coronavirus Climate Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Isle of Man Guernsey Jersey Local News Business Business Home Market Data New Economy New Tech Economy Companies Technology of Business Economy CEO Secrets Global Trade Cost of Living Tech Science Stories Entertainment & Arts Health Health Home Coronavirus In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds Bitesize CBeebies CBBC Food Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC BBC emails for you Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My InfoCopyright © 2022 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
