https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/help-50068132
How to get BBC News on smart speakers - BBC News BBC Homepage Skip to content Accessibility Help Your account Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future More menu More menu Search BBC Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Close menu BBC News Menu Home War in Ukraine Coronavirus Climate Video World US & Canada UK Business Tech More Science Stories Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Reality Check World News TV Newsbeat Long Reads How to get BBC News on smart speakers Published 2 August Share close Share page Copy linkAbout sharing Image caption, Just say "Play BBC News" to any smart speaker. On Amazon Alexa: Say "Play BBC News" to your Amazon Alexa smart speaker, and get the BBC's first ever interactive news bulletin. You can hear the latest headlines, deep-dive into the stories that interest you, or move on when you've heard enough - simply by using your voice. The commands you need to know are: "Alexa, next" to skip a story "Alexa, back" to repeat a story "Alexa, pause" and "Alexa, resume" to pick up where you left off You can also get an in-depth take on selected stories by saying "Alexa, more from the BBC" This will get you to the best reporting BBC News has to offer, with each item handpicked by our dedicated team of journalists. You can expect the human stories behind current events, and explainers and analysis on what's going on. Adding Local News to your Amazon Alexa bulletin: You can add a roundup of the news and sport where you are, to your interactive news bulletin by linking the BBC News skill to your BBC account. You can do this in two ways: 1. Visit the BBC News page in the Amazon Skill store. Ensure that you're signed in with your Amazon account and click the enable button. This will trigger an on-screen prompt that asks you to sign in and link your account. Note: you must be signed in with the same account that your Amazon Echo device is. 2. Alternatively, you can start the skill by saying Alexa, open BBC News. Once you've heard a message telling you that you can sign in, and that a prompt has been sent to your Alexa app, you can open the Amazon Alexa app on your smartphone and follow the prompt from the home screen of the app. Once you've linked your BBC account with the skill, we'll use the postcode that you set in your BBC account to give you the local news from your area. If you're hearing local news from the wrong area, the postcode in your BBC account may be incorrect. You can fix this on the BBC account settings page. Local and National news services: You can also access BBC local news directly from more than 40 stations across England, as well as the BBC's national services for Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales. To do this you'll need to use the BBC Sounds skill. Find more information here. Amazon Alexa Routines You can also add our news services to Amazon Alexa "Routines". For example, you could wake up at the same time each morning to the latest interactive news bulletin, your local news update or your favourite BBC radio station. Find more information here. On Google Assistant and Apple Siri: If you say "Hey Google, play BBC News" to your Google Assistant or "Hey Siri, play BBC News" to your Apple device, you'll get a 2-minute BBC News briefing with no interaction involved. Due to limitations imposed by 3rd party platforms the interactive news bulletin and Local & Nations services are only available on Amazon Alexa devices. The BBC does not charge you to access smart speaker content and offers its services without cost to all UK smart speaker platforms. Top Stories Alzheimer's drug hailed as momentous breakthrough Published 1 hour ago Oath Keepers founder guilty of US sedition Published 1 hour ago ‘How I escaped my father’s militia’ Features ‘How I escaped my father’s militia’ Pulisic winner sends USA through as Iran go out Ros Atkins on... China's protest crackdown. VideoRos Atkins on... China's protest crackdown Germans wary of new influx of Ukrainian refugees 'A poignant moment for true exciting talent Rashford' A 200km ride along Ireland's peat bogs Philippines sees a pandemic boom in child sex abuse The airbase that became a symbol of Russian defeat Elon Musk set to become top influencer on Twitter Elsewhere on the BBC Is this the greatest taboo of all? 'I regret the role, not my daughter' Artemis I: The giant rocket setting new records Most Read 1 Alzheimer's drug hailed as momentous breakthrough 2 Talking to Russians on Ukraine's surrender hotline 3 Oath Keepers founder guilty of US sedition 4 ‘How I escaped my father’s militia’ 5 Ex-Australia PM's secrecy prompts historic censure 6 Family reunited by DNA 51 years after kidnapping 7 Jailed Belarus protest leader 'in intensive care' 8 Outback Wrangler charged over fatal chopper crash 9 Nato pledges Ukraine arms and power grid support 10 US Senate passes bill to protect same-sex marriage BBC News Services On your mobile On smart speakers Get news alerts Contact BBC News Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture Music TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised Newsletters Why you can trust the BBC Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info © 2022 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
