https://www.cbc.ca/independentproducers/
Independent Producers Skip to main content menu CBC Independent Producers Let your imagination be limitless. CBC is open for business. We want your ideas, your creativity, your passion and your pitches. We want to work with you to tell Canadian stories—our stories—in our own voices. We’re committed to making CBC a place where Canadians see themselves, their interests, their values and their country come alive. And it’s our job to make smart, popular, relevant television programming that Canadians and the world want to watch. Our Commitments Diversity Sustainability How can we help? Genres Detailed pitch information across genres Pitch Portal (Coming Soon) Submission form for complete pitches New to the Industry Guides and advice for getting started References & Resources Organizations, Funding Bodies, Festivals Explore CBC Gem CBC Gem is home to a wide variety of Canadian stories, and your story could find a home here as well. Start streaming CBC Gem now for free. Watch on Recent Updates Update on CBC Creative Relief Fund RecipientsTwo and a half years after Fund's launch, all 20 projects which received production funding have been produced and released on CBC platforms AccessCBC: A CBC Initiative for Creators with a Disability21 participants selected for pilot program from CBC and the ReelAbilities Film Festival Toronto presented by the Miles Nadal JCC CBC, BIPOC TV & Film, and CFC launch new program to support the advancement of diverse creators CBC-BIPOC TV & Film Showrunner Catalyst will support senior writers who identify as Indigenous, Black or People of Colour Indigenous Screen Office, APTN, and CBC launch early stage scripted development program for Indigenous creatorsNew pilot project open to emerging Indigenous television creators with scripted projects in English or an Indigenous language Footer Links My Account Profile CBC Gem Newsletters Connect with CBC Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile RSS Podcasts Contact CBC Submit Feedback Help Centre Audience Relations, CBC P.O. Box 500 Station A Toronto, ON Canada, M5W 1E6 Toll-free (Canada only): 1-866-306-4636 TTY/Teletype writer: 1-866-220-6045 About CBC Corporate Info Sitemap Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Jobs Our Unions Independent Producers Political Ads Registry AdChoices Services Ombudsman Public Appearances Commercial Services CBC Shop Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities Accessibility It is a priority for CBC to create a website that is accessible to all Canadians including people with visual, hearing, motor and cognitive challenges. Closed Captioning and Described Video is available for many CBC shows offered on CBC Gem. About CBC Accessibility Accessibility Feedback © 2022 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved. Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
