https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/arrest-made-in-gruesome-1983-murders-of-2-toronto-women-1.6171117
Joseph Sutherland arrested for murders of 2 Toronto women | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Toronto Close TORONTO Search Search CTV Toronto Close News Latest News All News CTV News Investigates Weather Queen's Park Consumer Alert Traffic Toy Mountain Gas Prices Video Latest All Video Consumer Alert Health CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Arrest made in gruesome 1983 murders of 2 Toronto women Toronto Arrest made in gruesome 1983 murders of 2 Toronto women A 61-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the gruesome murders of two Toronto women nearly 40 years ago. Police said DNA linked Joseph George Sutherland to the deaths of Erin Gilmour, the daughter of a wealthy Toronto businessman, and Susan Tice, a mother of four. Both women were killed inside their homes in 1983. Detectives were able to connect both crime scenes through DNA evidence in 2000. Sutherland, who was living in Moosonee, Ont., was arrested on Thursday and brought back to Toronto the following day with the assistance of the Ontario Provincial Police, police said. What we know so far about accused murderer Joseph George Sutherland He was living in Toronto at the time of the killings. Sutherland is charged with two counts of first-degree murder and is set to make his first court appearance on Dec. 9. “Toronto police homicide detectives have never stopped investigating these reprehensible crimes or seeking to find the person responsible,” Toronto Interim Chief of Police James Ramer said Monday. Joseph George Sutherland, 61, of Moosonee, was arrested on Thursday. (Supplied) “This [arrest] demonstrates that the Toronto Police Service will never give up on finding people who commit crimes in our city.” Det. Sgt. Stephen Smith, the lead investigator on the case, said that because Sutherland has been living in Ontario for 39 years since the murders, investigators are going to look into “every possible connection” to any other cold case throughout the province. In Toronto alone, Smith said, there some 700 cold cases -- 43 of which have a link to known offender DNA. Erin Gilmour, the daughter of mining magnate David Gilmour, was 22 years old when she was stabbed, strangled and sexually assaulted in her Yorkville apartment on the night of December 20, 1983. She lived alone above the store she had been working at on Hazelton Avenue in Toronto. Her boyfriend would make the grisly discovery at approximately 9:20 p.m. Four months earlier, and fewer than three kilometres away, 45-year-old Tice was found stabbed to death after being sexually assaulted in her Bickford Park home on Grace Street. Erin Gilmour and Susan Tice are seen in these undated images provided by Toronto Police Services. ADVANCES IN DNA TESTING KEY TO ARREST Smith said the “only” reason the investigation into the deaths of Gilmour and Tice was solved was due to the advances in genetic genealogy testing. Specifically, detectives used a tool called investigative genetic genealogy (IGG), which cross references the genetic information voluntarily uploaded to family tree websites to track down potential suspects. In the case of Sutherland, Smith said, investigators sent DNA samples in 2019 to Texas-based Othram Inc., a company that specializes in forensic genealogy to solve cold-case murders. Following that testing, Smith said, the investigative team was able to narrow down a suspect family, which eventually allowed them to zero in on Sutherland. An image of Joseph George Sutherland. (Facebook/Joseph G. Sutherland) “The IGG in this case has just showed us that previously, unsolvable cases are now solvable by the advances with science,” Smith said. That sample was sent south of the border for testing, along with a piece of evidence linked to the unrelated 1984 murder of nine-year-old Ontario girl Christine Jessop. Police identified her killer as Toronto resident Calvin Hoover in late 2020, which, Smith said, speaks to the complicated and timely process that lead up to Sutherland’s arrest. “This case into itself is probably the most complex case that I've ever worked in my 25 years,” Smith said. @ctvnewstoronto Here's how advances in DNA technology led to the arrest of 61-year-old Joseph George Sutherland of Moosonee, Ontario in connection with two gruesome murders of Toronto women in 1983. #ctvnews #ctvnewstoronto #toronto #ctvtoronto #news #explore #foryou #fyp #ontario #canada #gta #moosonee #coldcase #truecrime #arrest #toronto #torontopolice #tps ♬ original sound - ctvnewstoronto Smith went on to say that Sutherland was served with what’s known as a DNA warrant and that police obtained a DNA sample from the accused “at some point.” ‘SOMEONE WILL FINALLY FACE JUSTICE’: VICTIM’S FAMILY REACTS TO ARREST Sean McCowan, Gilmour’s brother, admitted at Monday’s news conference that, after four decades, the family was beginning to wonder if there would ever be a resolution in the case. “Until just a few days ago when I received the best call I've ever received,” McCowan said. “They finally put a name and a face to someone who for all of us has been a ghost. It's truly incredible that we are here today.” McCowan went on to describe the many milestones Gilmour missed out on when her life was cut short at 22 years of age. "She had her whole life ahead of her before she was killed five days before Christmas. She'd never had a chance to be an aunt to her four nieces and three nephews. She never had a chance to live her life. Never get married. Never be a mother and never had a chance to see what could have been. There was an incredible life to be lived that was taken away from her and the rest of us," McCowan said. Sean and Kaelin McCowan, brothers of Erin Gilmour, are seen at a press conference in Toronto on Monday November 28, 2022. Toronto police say they've arrested a 61-year-old man in the DNA-linked cold-case murders of Gilmour and Susan Tice, who were found dead in their homes within months of each other almost four decades ago. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Chris Young He said that their mother, Anna McCowan, was never the same following Gilmour’s murder. The family’s matriarch died in 2020 and McCowan said that she would have been so “relieved” that an arrest had been made and “so happy that someone will finally face justice after being anonymous for 39 years.” SUSPECT HAS A FAMILY, WAS NEVER QUESTIONED While little is currently known about Sutherland, Smith revealed that the suspected killer has a family and that most of his relatives live in northern Ontario. Asked if he has a wife and children, Smith said he did not want to get into the specifics. The rarity of the Thursday arrest was highlighted by the fact that Sutherland was not listed as a suspect in either murder and was never questioned by police while he was living in Toronto. "In this case, if we hadn't utilized this [IGG] technology, we never would have come to his name," Smith said. Moreover, Smith said that there were no “issues” upon Sutherland’s arrest and that “when you commit these crimes, you're just waiting for that knock to come at the door.” Toronto Det.-Sgt. Steve Smith of the force's homicide and missing persons unit cold case section speaks during a press conference in Toronto on Monday November 28, 2022. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Chris Young POLICE STARTED TO CLOSE IN ON SUSPECT LAST YEAR Speaking with CTV News Toronto in October of 2021, Smith divulged that detectives weren’t actually sure if their suspect was alive – putting the chances at “50/50.” Despite that, his team continued to work around the clock to eventually identify Sutherland if for nothing else but closure for the victim's families. "Most of the motivation comes from the family members. We speak to the family members in, I would say, at least 100, maybe more, of our murders on a weekly or bi-weekly basis," Smith said at the time. “The drive of the family members to get closure, to find out not necessarily why their loved one was killed, but who killed them, it gives us motivation to keep these at the top of our mind." Although the arrest would come more than a year after that conversation, even then, Smith said he knew the suspect was from a “small town in Canada.” Toronto Top Stories Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Ontario boy bursts into tears after parents surprise him with first Raptors game Toronto Humane Society 'heartbroken' after rescue van stolen Investigation into Toronto radio show concludes three months after longtime host John Derringer leaves Removal of five historic trees on Osgoode Hall grounds postponed More than 100,000 Ford F-150 trucks in Canada involved in wiper motor recall CTVNews.ca Top Stories Afghans forced out of their homeland now homeless in Pakistan CTV National News' Executive Producer Rosa Hwang shares what she witnessed during a visit to a refugee camp in Pakistan, where Afghan children live in flimsy tents set up in a park, without the basics like running water or enough food, with only their mothers for protection. Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 The City of Montreal announced an average tax rate increase of 4.1 per cent for residential properties in the city centre on Tuesday. It will be the highest tax increase since 2010. Residential property taxes collected by the city centre will go up an average of 4.1 per cent in 2023. Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Concerned about the decline of French in Quebec, particularly in Montreal, Premier François Legault says he will release more details of a plan that would require 100 per cent of economic immigrants to be French-speaking. Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal A 64-year-old man has died after his helicopter crashed in a field in Lefebvre, Que. Tuesday afternoon. London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Members of the London Police Service continue to investigate after a three-vehicle crash in south London sent two people to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries Tuesday night. Wellington Road between Commissioners Road East and Southdale Road East has since been reopened. Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Following a vote from the Thames Valley District School Board, a motion to move forward with name changes for Sir John A. Macdonald Public School and F.D. Roosevelt Public School passed on Tuesday night. Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect London, Ont.’s Western University will be dropping its COVID-19 vaccination policy, the university announced Tuesday afternoon. Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Region of Waterloo staff say sweeping new provincial housing legislation will cost the region and its seven municipalities an estimated $530 million over the next 10 years, and taxpayers could be on the hook to make up the difference. Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified A victim has been identified after a multi-day investigation in Brant County that began as a suspicious death before being ruled a homicide. Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home St. James Catholic High School construction teacher, Jerry Della Savia, says he thought it was the perfect opportunity to take skills learned during class and have students apply them in a valuable way in the community. Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV A Sudbury family is sharing their story after their son spent a week in the hospital with respiratory syncytial virus. Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting A large female coyote has been captured on video patrolling a street in the Greater Sudbury area and here is what you should know. Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Three years ago, during a moment of suffering from post-traumatic stress, Dre crashed her car into some trees on Municipal Road between Timmins and Iroquois Falls. Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct An Ottawa woman is accusing a well-known lawyer of sexual misconduct, saying he offered her legal services in exchange for sexual favours. Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash A teenager who followed his dream to play U.S. college basketball is now faced with a life-changing event, after a car crash in Nebraska left him paralyzed. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Windsor 'Armed and dangerous' suspect identified after fatal Windsor shooting Windsor police have identified a suspect related to a fatal shooting on Hanna Street. 'It just doesn’t seem real at this point': Shooting victim's mother speaks out A mother is reeling after her 26-year-old son was shot and killed in South Walkerville Monday afternoon. 1616 Ouellette landlord provides displaced tenants with financial assistance as temporary shelter closes Monday The City of Windsor is asking local landlords with affordable units to reach out as the temporary emergency shelter housing the displaced residents of a downtown apartment building will be closed as of Monday. Barrie 'I almost died,' Orillia man's road to recovery 'a nightmare' after contracting Legionella The Legionnaires' outbreak in Orillia may be over, but one local man says his road to recovery after contracting the disease has been a "nightmare." Landmark demolished to make way for future developments Demolition is underway on the Atherley Arms building along Highway 12 to make way for future development. Enrollment surges at new Simcoe County elementary school A new elementary school in Alliston is welcoming hundreds of students to the community. Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' The mother of a man found dead last week in Moncton, N.B. is calling for change after what she calls a series of systemic failures led to his body being found in a cold public washroom. Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes A powerful weather front associated with a low centred in northern Quebec will sweep across the Maritimes Wednesday night into Thursday. $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman The Nova Scotia government is offering up to $150,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the disappearance of Devon Sinclair Marsman. Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Calgary police are investigating after a man was shot in the city’s southeast on Tuesday. Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity A local business owner is being hailed as a quiet philanthropist after donating a gift to the Winnipeg Foundation valued at about $500 million, the largest individual gift ever made to a Canadian charity. Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines Some Winnipeggers are undeterred by the possibility of fines for shovelling bike lanes. 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head The Manitoba Underdogs Rescue is calling on the public for help to save a dog that was found with severe injuries to his head and face. Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP Surrey's new mayor and council have taken the next step in their plan to scrap the Surrey Police Service and maintain the RCMP as the city's police force. How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? B.C. volunteers who dismantled what they're calling "tire island" – sending more than 2,000 of the parts to be recycled – are trying to figure out how the tires got there, and why they seem to have been left there for decades. Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found After Jodine Millar's vehicle was found in an Abbotsford ditch – without her in it —Mounties say they are increasingly concerned for the missing woman's safety. Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency At least two earthquakes were reported in northern Alberta Tuesday evening, with some saying the shakes were felt in Edmonton. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
