https://calgary.ctvnews.ca/lethbridge
Lethbridge News | Local Breaking | CTV News Lethbridge Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Calgary Close LETHBRIDGE Search Search CTV Calgary Close News Latest News All Articles CTV News Lethbridge Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Lethbridge News | Local Breaking | CTV News Lethbridge Why the Lethbridge Housing Association wants a pair of its properties rezoned The Lethbridge Housing Association is pushing for zoning changes that would allow the organization to offer 24-hour service at two of its properties. Lethbridge council votes to approve four-year operating budget, 5.1 per cent tax increase Lethbridge council has voted unanimously to approve the 2023-26 operating budget. That means residents will see a 5.1 per cent increase for each of the next four years. Calgarian charged after $5.3M worth of cocaine seized at Coutts border crossing A 25-year-old Calgary man has been charged after border services agents found 53 kilograms of cocaine concealed in a produce shipment. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES NDP MLA files lawsuit against Lethbridge Police Service The Lethbridge Police Service is being sued by an NDP MLA over claims that her Charter rights were violated. Lethbridge opens 2 new laboratories as Chinook hospital lab changes focus The change is part of a transition of lab services in the province from Alberta Precision Laboratories to DynaLIFE Medical Laboratories. Toys, non-perishable items needed for Lethbridge Charity Checkstop The Lethbridge Police Service will be hosting its annual Charity Checkstop this weekend. Medicine Hat doctor sanctioned for unprofessional conduct related to cannabis prescriptions A Medicine Hat doctor has been sanctioned after being found guilty of unprofessional conduct. Twinning of Highway 3 moving ahead, benefitting local economy The Highway 3 Twinning Development Association has been advocating for the twinning of the major southern Alberta route for the last 20 years and now shovels are slated to hit the ground on another section of road in the spring. Alberta community's ostrich escape sparks new food bank campaign The ostrich round-up is still ongoing in Taber, Alta., but the community is using a bit of humour over the situation to rustle up a bit of scratch for the local food bank. Lethbridge students, advocates laud province's new investment into 211 Alberta The government of Alberta will provide additional support to Albertans dealing with mental health and addictions issues. The province will double its original $7.5-million investment to $15 million over the next three years. Pronghorns set to host 2022 Canada West Swim Championship in Lethbridge University of Lethbridge Pronghorn swimmers will make a splash this weekend, with their sights set on a championship title. Lethbridge Top Videos CTV News Lethbridge at 5 for Tuesday, November 29, 2022 CTV Lethbridge Weather at 5 for Tuesday, November 29, 2022 CTV News Lethbridge at 5 for Monday, November 28, 2022 CTV Lethbridge Weather at 5 for Monday, November 28, 2022 Contact CTV News Lethbridge #20 450-31 Street. North Lethbridge, Alberta T1H 3Z3 Switchboard: 403-329-3644 General News: 403-317-2400 General Fax: 403-317-2420 CTV News Calgary Top Stories Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Calgary police are investigating after a man was shot in the city’s southeast on Tuesday. Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency At least two earthquakes were reported in northern Alberta Tuesday evening, with some saying the shakes were felt in Edmonton. 'Have to ride this out': Illnesses continues to affect school attendance The Calgary Board of Education said Monday that more than 10,000 of its students were out of class with some sort of illness. Calgary Transit to test model of Green Line's new light rail vehicle City officials are sharing details of a new vehicle that will ride the rails of Calgary's new Green Line. K-Country specialists offer hours, eyes, well-educated guesses to help keep you alive through avalanche season Public safety specialists in Kananaskis Country keep constant watch of snow conditions. 'Couldn’t believe it': Calgary trio celebrates $1M Lotto 6-49 win Three family members from Calgary are the winners of a $1-million lottery prize. WestJet cancels dozens of B.C. flights due to risk of bad weather B.C. residents are expected to be hit by a massive snowstorm in the coming days and a Calgary-based airline is preemptively cancelling dozens of flights as a result. Stay connected Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act The Fourth Session of the 30th Legislature opens on Tuesday, November 29, 2022, at 3 p.m. with the Speech from the Throne. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Ontario boy bursts into tears after parents surprise him with first Raptors game Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home Limited supply of children’s cold and flu medication arrives in Waterloo region Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Hawaii volcano eruption has some on alert, draws onlookers Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
