https://london.ctvnews.ca/
London News | Weather & Local Breaking | CTV News London Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV London Close LONDON Search Search CTV London Close News Latest News All News Weather Community Calendar Contests Photo Galleries London Attack Special Series Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg London News | Weather & Local Breaking | CTV News London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Members of the London Police Service continue to investigate after a three-vehicle crash in south London sent two people to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries Tuesday night. Wellington Road between Commissioners Road East and Southdale Road East has since been reopened. Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Following a vote from the Thames Valley District School Board, a motion to move forward with name changes for Sir John A. Macdonald Public School and F.D. Roosevelt Public School passed on Tuesday night. Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect London, Ont.’s Western University will be dropping its COVID-19 vaccination policy, the university announced Tuesday afternoon. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Strong winds expected Wednesday, special weather statement in effect A cold front will move into the area Wednesday morning, with rain and strong winds expected. Environment Canada has issued a special weather statement warning of winds gusting upward of 80 km/h Wednesday in London. OPP investigating fatal house fire OPP are investigating a fatal fire near Teeswater. First responders were called to the scene along County Road 6 in Culross Township around 9 a.m. on Monday. Mother of deceased inmate testifies in EMDC death inquest The final day of evidence for the inquest into the death of Murray Davis, who was found vital signs absent in his cell at the Elgin-Middlesex Detention Centre in 2017, was held Tuesday. Davis’ Mother Lisa gave an emotional statement to the jury. Build Homes Faster Act 'short-sighted' says local conservation authority The Lower Thames Conservation Authority is adding its voice to the debate over Bill 23, the Build Homes Faster Act, passed by the provincial government Monday. One person arrested in Woodstock in relation to suspicious death investigation Woodstock police are investigating a suspicious death in the area of Fyfe Avenue. According to police, officers were called to the area around 2:18 a.m. after a 9-1-1 call reporting a dispute. Local pharmacist says being able to prescribe some meds will help patients in a pinch A St. Thomas, Ont. pharmacist is applauding a move by the provincial government to give pharmacists the ability to prescribe drugs for minor ailments. Pharmacist Minh Nguyen at First Ave Pharmacy said she likes the idea that it could save patients a trip to the doctor, or a long wait in an emergency room. New Maple Leaf Foods plant up and running in London Production is underway at the new Maple Leaf Foods plant in London. 'Kind of rejuvenated me': Phillies Manager Rob Thomson speaks to crowd in London, Ont. Rob Thomson was planning on hanging up his cleats after more than 35 years in professional baseball. However, things changed drastically after Joe Girardi was fired as Philadelphia Phillies manager during the 2022 season, and Thomson was named as his replacement. Meet the young man determined to hear the stories of 500 veterans At just 28 years of age, Eric Brunt is in a race against time. The British Columbia native has resumed his cross-country trek to interview aging veterans, and since 2018, he has interviewed hundreds. In London, Ont. Tuesday morning, he was setting up interview 470 with 97-year-old naval veteran Jack Kerr. Grey-Bruce crash fatality rate among highest in southwestern Ontario An OPP officer raced off to the scene of a fatal motorcycle crash near Teeswater, Ont. this August, and it's only one of 14 fatal crashes in Grey-Bruce so far this year. All 14 crashes were preventable, and related to speeding, impaired, distracted, or aggressive driving — and the increase in fatal crashes is what’s most alarming to Grey Bruce OPP. Submit your holiday house to CTV London's interactive lights display map CTV News London is building a map of the best holiday decorations in the region. Sarnia police investigating hit and run Sarnia police are investigating a hit and run that happened Monday afternoon. Officers say shortly after 2:30 p.m. they responded to the scene of a vehicle vs. pedestrian collision. Special weather statement issued for Wednesday A cold front will move into the London, Ont. area Wednesday, with rain and strong winds expected. Environment Canada has issued a special weather statement warning of winds gusting upward of 80 km/h Wednesday in London. Ontario woman, 23, charged after graphic video emerges of horse being dragged A 23-year-old Ontario woman has been charged under the provincial welfare services act after a graphic video of a horse being dragged surfaced online. One video shows the horse being pulled with ropes as its back hooves drag along a road. Top Videos Watch: Mauna Loa erupts in Hawaii Mother attacked, robbed near Edmonton LRT Suspicious death investigation in Woodstock RAW: Serious crash in south London Telling their stories EMDC inquest continues Will the TVDSB rename its schools? Alarming trend on Grey-Bruce roads WATCH LIVE CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at Eleven 11 p.m. Editor's Picks Submit your holiday house to CTV London's interactive lights display map CTV News London is building a map of the best holiday decorations in the region. VIDEO VIDEO | 'Chouse': From a southern Ontario house of worship to a family home It’s a trend that has become popular in the last decade. Purchasing old property with lots of character and renovating it into a dream home. A couple from Parkhill, Ont.did just that, with a twist. Riverside Public School making biodegradable poppies for Remembrance Day A London, Ont. elementary school is trying to make Remembrance Day ceremonies more sustainable, swapping out traditional plastic poppies for homemade biodegradable ones. Stay Connected Stories Worth Watching Who will Canadians cheer for at the World Cup now? With Canada mathematically eliminated from the FIFA World Cup, soccer fans in Toronto are now setting their sights on other teams. These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 Giving Tuesday kicks off holiday donation drive Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Where to find the best Cyber Monday deals Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face Toy Mountain 2022: Taking the campaign to Bayview Village Consumer Alert More than 100,000 Ford F-150 trucks in Canada involved in wiper motor recall While Ford is in the midst of a massive recall involving windshield wipers, an Ontario man said he has been trying for more than two months to get his wiper motor repaired on his Ford F-150 pickup truck. Online bargains for Cyber Monday can still be found. Here's where to look Cyber Monday is the busiest online shopping day for Canadians — and some of Monday's deals are still available. Ontario man warns people to check bank statements after error nearly costs him $10K An Ontario man who lost more than $10,000 after a cheque he wrote was cashed twice said he was pushed to the 'end of his rope' trying to fight TD Bank to get the money back. COVID-19 in Ontario 'We are on the right track:' Toronto formally ends municipal state of emergency after 777 days Mayor John Tory has formally terminated a municipal state of emergency which had been in effect for a total of 777 days, calling it “just one more sign that the city is returning to a more normal state of existence.” Local medical officers of health pen letter to Ontario's top doctor asking for mask mandates back Three local medical officers of health have written a joint letter to Ontario's top doctor, asking him to bring back mask mandates in schools and other indoor public settings. Ontario Liberals pledge to add COVID-19 vaccine to school immunization list The Ontario Liberals say they would add COVID-19 vaccination to the immunization schedule for schools, if elected. CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Listen Live CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act CTV News Political Commentator Scott Reid reacts to Alta. Premier Danielle Smith's proposed Sovereignty within a United Canada Act. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home Windsor 'Armed and dangerous' suspect identified after fatal Windsor shooting 'It just doesn’t seem real at this point': Shooting victim's mother speaks out 1616 Ouellette landlord provides displaced tenants with financial assistance as temporary shelter closes Monday Barrie 'I almost died,' Orillia man's road to recovery 'a nightmare' after contracting Legionella Landmark demolished to make way for future developments Enrollment surges at new Simcoe County elementary school Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
