https://montreal.ctvnews.ca/
Montreal News | Local Breaking | CTV News Montreal Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Montreal Close MONTREAL Search Search CTV Montreal Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Traffic On Patrol Climate & Environment Health Sports Education Business Culture Science & Technology Lifestyle Community Calendar Contests Opinion Live Quebec Election Results Montreal Politics Quebec Politics In-Depth Interviews Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletters Production Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Montreal News | Local Breaking | CTV News Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 The City of Montreal announced an average tax rate increase of 4.1 per cent for residential properties in the city centre on Tuesday. It will be the highest tax increase since 2010. Residential property taxes collected by the city centre will go up an average of 4.1 per cent in 2023. Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Concerned about the decline of French in Quebec, particularly in Montreal, Premier François Legault says he will release more details of a plan that would require 100 per cent of economic immigrants to be French-speaking. Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal A 64-year-old man has died after his helicopter crashed in a field in Lefebvre, Que. Tuesday afternoon. Complete Weather Forecast Weather brought to you by MORE TOP STORIES Quebec housekeeper fired for taking a sick day to receive $12,000 An employer will have to pay more than $12,000 to a housekeeper who was fired on the spot after she told him she was taking sick leave with a doctor's note. Parti Quebecois MNAs refuse to swear oath to King as legislature opens; will not sit The 43rd session of Quebec's national assembly opened Tuesday without three of its members after the Parti Quebecois MNAs refused to swear the oath of office to King Charles III. Police warning about scams targeting seniors in Montreal Montreal police are warning seniors to watch out for scam artists after a 93-year-old woman was defrauded twice out of $10,000. WEATHER WEATHER | Rainfall and wind warnings in Quebec forecast If the fall was marked by mild sunshine and above-normal temperatures, the winter will be harsh. Rainfall and wind warnings are in place throughout the province. Ottawa bagel company Kettlemans to open up shop in Montreal An Ottawa-based company is hoping to toast the taste buds of Quebecers with its own take on the beloved Montreal delight, the bagel. Warning over Cote St-Luc Bagels expands to products sold across Montreal and Laval Quebec food safety officials have issued a second recall warning in a week over bagels from Montreal-area shop Cote-St-Luc Bagel – this time for those sold in shops around Montreal and Laval. Quebec man who fatally stabbed Maxi store clerk in 2016 will get new trial Quebec's highest court has ordered a new trial for a Quebec man convicted in 2017 of stabbing to death a supermarket clerk. Five charged, including 15-year-old, after stolen cars recovered south of Ottawa Five Quebec residents are facing charges after police recovered stolen cars along Highway 401 south of Ottawa. From mutual aid to donating time, how young Canadians are giving back differently Despite having an inconsistent income and dealing with the rising cost of living, younger Canadians still want to feel as though they are making an impact, said Wen-Chih O'Connell, executive director of the PayPal Giving Fund. O'Connell said this desire has changed the way generation Z and millennials are giving back compared with older generations. Bombardier says NetJets places firm order for four Global 8000 aircraft Bombardier says NetJets has placed a firm order for four Global 8000 aircraft and will be the fleet launch customer for the jets. The order is valued at US$312 million based on list prices. opinion opinion | Tom Mulcair: Only one false note during the Liberals' otherwise solid inquiry performance There was only one really false note during the Liberals' otherwise solid performance during the Emergencies Act inquiry and it was played on Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada’s David Lametti’s trumpet, writes former NDP Leader Tom Mulcair in an exclusive opinion column for CTVNews.ca. Police looking for bank robbery suspect caught on camera Montreal police (SPVM) released images of a suspect they believe robbed a Caisse Populaire in Montreal North. COVID-19 hospitalizations up by over 60 in Quebec Quebec reported on Tuesday that 78 more health-care workers have returned to their jobs after being absent for COVID-19-related reasons, and hospitalizations due to the disease increased by 63. From jihadism to far-right violence: Montreal anti-radicalization centre shifts focus After a period of organizational turbulence, the Centre for the Prevention of Radicalization Leading to Violence has continued its work, with a lower profile, a smaller budget, and a focus that has increasingly shifted from radical Islam to the far right and conspiracy theorists. Designated drivers in Longueuil drink for free The City of Longueuil is joining Gatineau, Sherbrooke and Laval in offering free non-alcoholic drinks for designated drivers at bars and restaurants in the area. 22-year-old woman's body found in Quebec City home Monday night The body of a young woman was found by police officers late Monday night in a home in the Saint-Sauveur district of Quebec City. Roadside delivery: Nova Scotia baby born in family car Strangers rescue peacock from peril on Victoria street Top Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 Troubling allegations of animal abuse at Ont. farm Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years Here's how Toronto police cracked a gruesome 1983 cold case Canada claims the nation's first ever Davis Cup Canada's Ismael Kone inspires young soccer players Why WHO decided to rename 'Monkeypox' to 'mpox' Davies: Canada still focused on making history at World Cup Strangers unite to save a peacock in peril in B.C. How to efficiently pack a carry-on suitcase CTV News Montreal at Six for Sunday, November 27, 2022 Editor's Picks From jihadism to far-right violence: Montreal anti-radicalization centre shifts focus After a period of organizational turbulence, the Centre for the Prevention of Radicalization Leading to Violence has continued its work, with a lower profile, a smaller budget, and a focus that has increasingly shifted from radical Islam to the far right and conspiracy theorists. On the menu: Montreal en lumière festival to welcome international chefs The Montreal en lumière festival will be held for the 24th year from Feb.16 to March 5. This year's edition will be marked by the 20th anniversary of the Nuit blanche and the return of international guest chefs to Montreal restaurants, after two years of pandemic. Canadian Pacific's Holiday Train of Lights visits Montreal Sunday night After two years of virtual activities due to the pandemic, the Canadian Pacific (CP) Holiday Train has resumed its food bank tour and stopped in the Montreal area on Sunday night. The train visited Montreal's west end and offered a free festive concert, and then did the same in Beaconsfield later in the evening. Kahnawake cultural community gets $1 million for new building It has been a decade in the planning and breaking ground at the new culture and language centre in Kahnawake just got a $1 million step closer this week after a local poker house made a huge donation. One too many drinks at the holiday party? Never fear: Operation Red Nose is back Operation Nez rouge -- or Operation Red Nose, as it's known outside Quebec -- is back for the month of December. Originally founded in Quebec, the driving service helps prevent impaired driving during the holidays; and with no COVID-19 restrictions and more social gatherings, it's expecting a busy season. Inflation-fighting cheques are coming, but beware of fraudsters: Revenu Quebec Revenu Quebec confirmed on Friday citizens will start receiving their $400 to $600 cheques to combat inflation in early December. At the same time, the agency is cautioning Quebecers to beware of fraud text messages and emails. Credit where credit is due: Video game association calling for proper acknowledgement Montreal-based Warner Bros. Entertainment release of Gotham Knights prompted calls for gaming companies to properly credit their workers. The issue is one that extends to many leading video game companies. Romaine calm! Small producers finding ways to avoid lettuce shortage and inflation by growing locally Local producers are finding ways to avoid supply shortages of products like lettuce, while keeping inflation in check by growing products locally or avoiding buying from California. McGill, University of Montreal receive $26 million for space studies ARCTIC SHIFT TO CLEAN ENERGY Inuit community leads Arctic shift to clean energy: hydroelectric project to replace diesel For many years, Inukjuak, like many communities in the north, has relied on diesel to heat homes, keep the lights on, and power its institutions. Now, for the first time in the region, construction is underway on a massive hydroelectric project. When it's completed, it will replace diesel at the community's primary source of energy, and provide a surplus which Inukjuak will sell to Hydro-Quebec. Overcoming the past Overcoming the past | Canada's history in Inukjuak Inuit in Inukjuak are still overcoming the effects of Canadian influence in their home. In this extended interview, Inukjuak's former mayor, the late Simeonie Nalukturuk describes, in his own words, the residential school system, the dog slaughter, and the forced Arctic relocation. CONTENT WARNING -- This interview contains details some may find distressing. IN PICTURES IN PICTURES | Inukjuak to leave diesel behind Inukjuak is one of 14 Inuit communities in Nunavik, the northernmost region of Quebec. Take a look at some scenes from there, as community members prepare to stop using diesel, which presently provides for the bulk of the municipality's energy needs. ABOUT THIS PROJECT ABOUT THIS PROJECT | Concordia project: Green energy reporting and Call to Action 86 This is a story about Inuit resilience, self-determination and true climate leadership. The day before this site went live on CTV, the documentaries were screened at Uquutaq High School in Inukjuak. Next up, we will screen with the Indigenous Clean Energy team at the Canada Pavilion at COP27 in Sharm El-Sheikh, Egypt. The focus is on Indigenous communities leading the way in Canada’s energy transition. In-Depth Interviews City explains tax increase in 2023 budget What makes an emotionally strong leader? Cyber Monday: Tips to stay safe NHL legend Trottier pens book on life, career WATCH LIVE CTV News Channel Noon CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. Stay Connected REAL ESTATE AND HOUSING Montreal home sales hit level not seen since 2014: Quebec housing association The Quebec Professional Association of Real Estate Brokers says October home sales in Montreal dropped to a level not seen since 2014. Montreal property valuations are rising. Here's what you can do about it Montreal property owners have been hit with massive increases in their valuations -- on average, the increase is expected to grow 32 per cent over the next three years. Left with major repairs, Saint-Jerome condo owners accuse builder of cutting corners Condo owners in St-Jerome are worried they’ll lose everything after they say the builder cut corners, leaving them with massive repair bills. ON PATROL Police looking for bank robbery suspect caught on camera Montreal police (SPVM) released images of a suspect they believe robbed a Caisse Populaire in Montreal North. 22-year-old woman's body found in Quebec City home Monday night The body of a young woman was found by police officers late Monday night in a home in the Saint-Sauveur district of Quebec City. 92-year-old woman dies after collision with SUV in Saint-Jean-de-Matha, Que. A 92-year-old woman was fatally struck by a sport utility vehicle (SUV) Sunday evening in Saint-Jean-de-Matha, in Lanaudière. Quebec City firefighters called to five-alarm blaze at Hotel Acadia A five-alarm fire at the Hotel Acadia in Quebec City drew 80 firefighters to the scene to put out the blaze that started on the roof. 20-year-old man killed in head-on collision in Quebec's Eastern Townships; one seriously injured A head-on collision between two vehicles left one man dead, and another seriously injured Friday night in Ascot Corner, in Quebec's Eastern Townships. Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act CTV News Political Commentator Scott Reid reacts to Alta. Premier Danielle Smith's proposed Sovereignty within a United Canada Act. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. Listen Live Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Windsor 'Armed and dangerous' suspect identified after fatal Windsor shooting 'It just doesn’t seem real at this point': Shooting victim's mother speaks out 1616 Ouellette landlord provides displaced tenants with financial assistance as temporary shelter closes Monday Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
