https://www.ctvnews.ca/politics/tom-mulcair-only-one-false-note-during-the-liberals-otherwise-solid-inquiry-performance-1.6172963
Mulcair on Lametti's performance at Emergencies Act inquiry | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Tom Mulcair: Only one false note during the Liberals' otherwise solid inquiry performance Politics Tom Mulcair: Only one false note during the Liberals' otherwise solid inquiry performance There was only one really false note during the Liberals’ otherwise solid performance during the Emergencies Act inquiry and it was played on Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada’s David Lametti’s trumpet. Lametti served up his favourite “I’ve got a secret” defence that he uses whenever he can’t or won’t answer a question that could prove embarrassing to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. So much so, that it becomes fair to ask whether his priority is to uphold the law or to defend his government. When Jody Wilson-Raybould was given the heave-ho from her role as justice minister, Lametti finally made it to cabinet, after languishing on the backbenches for several years. He’s not about to blow his big chance. Wilson-Raybould was a star when she was recruited as a candidate by Trudeau. A woman of character, she had solid experience in managing the affairs of her First Nations community and had worked for years as a prosecutor. Administrative experience and legal savvy made her an ideal candidate to become minister of justice and Attorney General, a precedent for an Indigenous Canadian. Wilson-Raybould was that all-too-rare member of the executive who refused to go along to get along. When Trudeau and his cronies started sticking their noses into the prosecution of corporate scofflaw, SNC Lavalin, she pushed back. Capital Dispatch: Sign up for in-depth political coverage of Parliament Hill She proved her mettle when she stood on a question of principle and refused to give the sort of non-prosecution sweetheart deal that was now allowed under legislation brought in by Trudeau. She and her director of public prosecutions strongly agreed that SNC Lavalin simply did not qualify under that new statute. Trudeau, ever “entitled to his entitlements” wasn’t about to take “no” for an answer especially, it seemed, from a woman. Wilson-Raybould was shunted over to Veterans Affairs and soon quit Trudeau’s cabinet, along with another strong and principled minister, Jane Philpott. Trudeau has never recovered majority government status since. Lametti is not devoid of expertise. He was a professor at McGill’s Faculty of Law before going into politics. He has a great academic background. He even co-captained the Oxford hockey team with Mark Carney! He has also been resolutely obsequious in attending to his duties. He saw what happened to Wilson-Raybould and whatever other qualities he has, he hasn’t exactly been the type to stand his ground when the interests of his government are in play. I witnessed it for the first time when Francois Legault decided he could unilaterally amend Canada’s foundational document, the British North America Act. Lametti openly and incongruously defended Legault’s position that he could amend the constitution on his own, even when it abridged official language rights. As incredible as it might seem, Canada’s Attorney General was saying that the Quebec government could change the BNA Act to, amongst other things, remove the equality of English and French before the courts in Quebec, as it had just done with Bill 96. One of my colleagues interviewed Lametti soon after. Lametti was adamant. Legault had the power to amend the BNA Act and (wait for it) he had a legal opinion to prove it. 'SECRET DAVE’S SUPER POWER' My colleague asked if his listeners in the English-speaking community of Montreal could see that legal opinion. That’s when Lametti whipped out the now-familiar “secret” defence. There is no conceivable way any lawyer worth their salt has ever said that a province could unilaterally amend the constitution in a way that negatively affects linguistic rights. Having prepared several key Charter cases when I was director of legal affairs for language rights group Alliance Quebec, I believe that’s it’s not even plausible that such an opinion exists. This would be the first time I encountered Secret Dave’s super power to block and defend…in his government’s interest. Think about that. Legault is saying, for example, that an English-language birth certificate from another Canadian province cannot be introduced in a court proceeding in Quebec without a costly translation. Instead of fighting that abrogation of rights, the Attorney General of Canada is saying it’s hunky dory. Equality of English and French before Québec’s courts is written in stone and has been confirmed time and again by the Supreme Court. Lametti claims to have a secret legal opinion that says the opposite but he won’t show it! That came as a big surprise to senior constitutional experts. You see, the 1982 constitution, that brought in the Charter of Rights, also has latticed amending provisions, the more fundamental the change, the more demanding the requirements. While a province can indeed change its own constitution unilaterally, it requires a motion from both Houses of Parliament to change linguistic rights, which the Supreme Court does not consider to be a part of the provincial constitution. Don Martin: After a long final day on the Emergencies Act inquiry stand, it's convoy zero, Trudeau won That requirement, for federal agreement, had to be met when the Quebec gouvernement wanted to go from religion-based school boards (Catholic and Protestant) to language based (French and English) boards. Quebec, despite not having signed the 1982 constitution, played by those rules and Premier Lucien Bouchard was able to get the motions adopted in the House of Commons and Senate. As an opposition member of the National Assembly at the time, I had the honour of delivering our speech accepting the change and setting out the agreed conditions. It has been crucial for the English-speaking minority of Quebec to continue to follow the issue closely. Even Parti Québécois governments, by and large, respected the deal. Legault, on the other hand, has tried with another law, Bill 40, to remove the right of the English minority to control and manage its school boards. Trudeau is afraid of Legault and Lametti gets the message loud and clear: don’t rock the boat with Quebec. The English-speaking minority loses its rights? Too bad. We don’t fight with Legault. We have a secret legal opinion that says it’s all good. Perhaps, then, it shouldn’t have come as a surprise that during last week’s hearings before the Rouleau Commission, Lametti again chose to shield what the commissioner had access to in the way of evidence. Rouleau’s role, under the law, was to determine the legitimacy of the invocation of the Act by Trudeau. Lametti’s job was to facilitate that work. Instead, Lametti pleaded that he’d given cabinet a legal opinion that favoured the government’s position but he couldn’t share it because…it was secret! Lametti appeared to have forgotten that his number one obligation as justice minister and Attorney General was to protect and defend the constitution and the rule of law, not his cabinet colleagues and his boss. That gave rise to one of the few occasions during the six-week inquiry, when the generally unflappable Judge Rouleau clearly lost patience. Solicitor-client privilege is indeed an important principle. But under the statutes governing Inquiries in other jurisdictions, it is at times clearly spelled out that professional secrecy cannot be invoked as a shield to stop the commission from getting all of the evidence that it needs. Otherwise, why hold the inquiry at all? The legality of the government’s action was the crux of what Rouleau had to decide and Lametti was being singularly unhelpful. In the long list of things Justice Rouleau will include in his report, the smart money will be betting that he’ll seek to put an end to the shenanigans of any future Secret Dave. If you want Canadians to agree that restricting the freedoms of some was the only way to protect everyone’s rights under the law, you'd better preach by way of example. That begins with ensuring an open and transparent process of inquiry into the matter. Failure to make that a priority comes at the great cost of leaving Canadians with the sense that our justice minister is there to defend his government, not the law. Tom Mulcair was the leader of the federal New Democratic Party of Canada between 2012 and 2017 MORE POLITICS NEWS RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Social media tools were key to 'Freedom Convoy' protest, expert tells inquiry Feds launching task force to reform public-service whistleblowing law Senate to probe Liberal silence on Afghanistan aid as terror rules bar humanitarians Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals IN DEPTH Here's what central players had to say as the Emergencies Act inquiry hearings wrapped After six weeks, more than 70 witnesses, and the submission of more than 7,000 documents into evidence, the public hearing portion of the Public Order Emergency Commission wrapped up on Friday. 'What if the worst had happened': Trudeau explains why he invoked Emergencies Act when he did On the stand at the federal inquiry examining the federal government's invocation of the Emergencies Act, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau revealed candidly that a central factor in his historic decision to enact unprecedented powers to shut down the 'Freedom Convoy' protests, was his fear of what could happen if he didn't. Risk of recession rising, deficit projected at $36.4B in 2022-23: fall economic statement The federal government's fall economic update makes it clear that while the deficit is declining, the risk that Canada enters into a recession is rising. PM Trudeau, MPs pay tribute to Queen Elizabeth II in special session Members of Parliament—many dressed in black—returned to Ottawa on Thursday to take part in a 'special session' commemorating Queen Elizabeth II and marking the accession to the throne of King Charles III. The House of Commons held this historic opportunity to allow MPs to pay tribute ahead of Monday's national commemorations. Pierre Poilievre wins Conservative leadership on first ballot Pierre Poilievre is the new leader of the Conservative Party of Canada, securing victory on the first ballot after a record-setting and divisive leadership campaign. After a seven-month campaign, the long-time MP and former cabinet minister from Ontario won the election decisively. Securing support across the country, he told party members they are now 'one party serving one country.' Opinion opinion opinion | Don Martin: After a long final day on the Emergencies Act inquiry stand, it's convoy zero, Trudeau won Prime Minister Justin Trudeau gambled just by showing up. And he appears to have won in the court of reasonable public opinion, Don Martin writes in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca. Don Martin: Now that the 24 Sussex sabotage is complete, it's time to call in the demolition crew By declaring even the kitchen a fire hazard and health risk to continued service, the very kitchen where Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, his family and his visitors have been catered to remotely for seven years, the National Capital Commission has officially mothballed the estate and nailed an unofficial demolition order on the gates. This is not a lamentable development, Don Martin writes in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca. opinion opinion | Don Martin: Trudeau faces the greatest risk of Freedom Convoy fallout He may not have seen the potential threat when truckers rolled toward Ottawa last January, but Prime Minister Justin Trudeau cannot miss the risk of Freedom Convoy fallout he now faces, contributor Don Martin writes in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca. opinion opinion | Don Martin: Question Period sleeper turning into slugfest between Poilievre and Trudeau There's been a 20-year series of middleweight clashes in the parliamentary fight club - Chretien vs. Day, Martin vs. Harper, Harper vs. Mulcair, Trudeau vs. O'Toole - but nothing comes close to the slugfest now raging between Conservative leader Pierre Poilievre and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. opinion opinion | Don Martin: An Alberta storm is brewing as Danielle Smith is set to become premier The next premier of Alberta could well make Conservative Leader Pierre Poilievre look like a right-wing lightweight, Don Martin writes in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca. ANALYSIS & INSIGHTS A Politics Newsletter Sign up for a twice-weekly update from our Ottawa bureau on news from Parliament Hill. Power Play Evan Solomon talks to people and players who dominate the political scene A Podcast About Polling CTVNews.ca's Michael Stittle and Nanos Research's Nik Nanos delve into the opinions of Canadians Question Period Evan Solomon hosts Canada's top weekly Sunday morning political program CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands The man convicted of harassing and extorting British Columbia teenager Amanda Todd has been returned to the Netherlands, where the prosecution office says a judge will decide if he serves any of his 13-year Canadian sentence. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station An Edmonton mom opened up about a random attack while she was waiting for a train that left her bruised, concussed and questioning whether it's safe to take transit in the city. Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism The arrest of a teen with autism at a St. Albert playground will be investigated by the agency that looks into complaints involving Mounties. BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast Dozens of flights in and out of Vancouver International Airport have been cancelled over the snowfall that's expected on B.C.'s South Coast Tuesday. World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid An uneasy calm hung over Kyiv on Tuesday as residents of the Ukrainian capital prepared for Russian missile attacks aiming to take out more energy infrastructure as winter approaches. Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Spain's Maritime Rescue Service says it has rescued three stowaways travelling on a ship's rudder in the Canary Islands after the vessel sailed there from Nigeria. Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Three Chinese astronauts docked early Wednesday with their country's space station, where they will overlap for several days with the three-member crew already onboard and expand the facility to its maximum size. Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Hundreds of people gathered Tuesday at Harvard University and near Chinese consulates in New York and Chicago to support protesters who have called for that country's leader to step down amid severe antivirus restrictions in the biggest demonstrations against the government in Beijing in decades. Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect An unspent bullet found between the bodies of two teenage girls slain in 2017 "had been cycled through" a pistol owned by the suspect in their deaths, according to court documents an Indiana judge ordered released Tuesday. Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Colorado Gov. Jared Polis on Tuesday visited the memorial outside a gay club where five people were killed last week, solemnly walking along a line of flowers, crosses and signs bearing the photos and names of the victims outside the building with the club's owners. Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says everyone in China should be allowed to express themselves amid Beijing's crackdown on COVID-19. He also says an Ottawa University should not have barred reporters from filming China's ambassador this week. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? At the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, China set out its 'zero-COVID' measures that were harsh, but not out of line with what many other countries were doing to try and contain the virus. While most other nations saw the health and safety regulations as temporary until vaccines were widely available, however, China has stuck steadfastly to its strategy. How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study You may have heard the oft-repeated advice to drink eight glasses of water a day, but according to a new study, the amount of water we need daily ranges wildly based on numerous factors. Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? While the Alberta government and federal Conservative party claim the province's recovery-oriented care model is the reason that fatal drug poisonings have decreased by almost 50 per cent over a year, the statistic doesn’t show the full picture, cumulative data analysis shows. Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store Elon Musk on Monday claimed that Apple has 'threatened' to pull Twitter from its iOS app store, a move that could be devastating to the company Musk just acquired for US$44 billion. China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday A rocket carrying three astronauts to finish building China's space station will blast off Tuesday amid intensifying competition with the U.S., the government said Monday. U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry The British government on Monday abandoned a plan to force tech firms to remove internet content that is harmful but legal, after the proposal drew strong criticism from lawmakers and civil liberties groups. Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines When a B.C. metal artist was asked to create a giant sculpture with Elon Musk's head on the body of a goat riding a rocket he had no idea who would want to create such a thing or why. Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' Will Smith opened up to Trevor Noah about the now-famous slap at the Oscars in March during an appearance that aired Monday night on 'The Daily Show.' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' won best feature at the 32nd Gotham Awards on Monday, taking one of the first major prizes of Hollywood's awards season and boosting the Oscar hopes of the anarchic indie hit of the year. Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Royal Bank of Canada has agreed to pay $13.5-billion in cash for HSBC Bank Canada in what is the largest domestic banking deal on record. Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Agriculture commodity groups are applauding the Liberal government's long-awaited Indo-Pacific strategy, announced Sunday in Vancouver, and hoping it will lead to more, and better, free trade deals with countries like India. Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Canada saw stronger than expected economic growth in the third quarter, but economists warn the underlying numbers don't paint such a positive picture. Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Friendships aren't just about those you sit with on the school bus or play alongside on your childhood baseball team — they are a core component of the human experience, experts say. But making and retaining deep, meaningful friendships as an adult is hard, especially for men, according to research. Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season For most people, the holiday season is a time for giving. But for fraudsters and scammers, it's a time for taking. Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp What trendy things will we be eating and drinking next year? Predictions for the top 10 food and beverage trends of 2023 were revealed recently by review site Yelp. Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana apparently left the World Cup on Tuesday and was heading home after being dropped from the country's squad for disciplinary reasons. 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers James Hamblin had a huge smile Monday when he spoke about his first NHL call up. He had tears streaming down his face just hours earlier. 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Two months after being fired, a former member of the Vancouver Canucks coaching staff has filed a complaint with the BC Human Rights Tribunal against the hockey team over alleged discrimination. Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Ferrari is parting ways with Mattia Binotto after 28 years -- four as head of the Formula One team -- following a hideous season of botched strategy calls that cost Charles Leclerc any chance to contend for the championship. Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business Suncor Energy Inc. says it has decided to keep its Petro-Canada retail business after a comprehensive review that included what it would mean to sell the operations. See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world With greenhouse gas emissions usually reported at the global or national level, it can be difficult to determine their prevalence in local communities. Until now, that is, thanks to a new tool developed by scientists at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory. STAY CONNECTED Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
