https://english.radio.cz/
News from the Czech Republic | Radio Prague International Skip to main content Czech Radio Ways to listen Newsletter QSL Who is who Contact Search Search Radio Prague - EN Broadcast in English 11/29/2022 Play Broadcast Archive Ways to listen News Domestic affairs Foreign policy European Union Business Society Culture Travel History Sport Science and technology Nature Czechs abroad Foreigners and the Czech Republic Czech language CS DE EN ES FR РУ Czech Presidency of the EU Council: July 1 – December 31, 2022 Czechia currently holds the presidency of the Council of the European Union. Follow us for all the main news between now and the end of the year. More 04:11 Culture Famous actress Rosamund Pike stars in Czech mobile phone game Famous actress Rosamund Pike stars in Czech mobile phone game Travel Prague’s gas lamp lighter returns for Advent 02:21 Society Candle-lit vigil on Prague’s Národní třída held in support of China’s “zero Covid” policy protests 17:59 Business “It’s about time we took this seriously” – RUSI financial crime expert on tackling dirty money News Czechia experiencing sharpest real wage drop among OECD countries President signs off on windfall tax Labour minister proposing minimum wage hike Spread of HIV relatively low in Czechia, but positive cases on the rise Higher cost of living impacting charity donations Follow us Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram RSS CZECH MADE In a new series, Radio Prague International, will introduce the Czech inventions that changed the world. More Domestic affairs 03:43 Who are the candidates for Czech president? Nine people are in the running to succeed Miloš Zeman as Czech president in elections in January, after fulfilling the necessary criteria. But who are the candidates? 02:54 Ability to fight in largescale conflict must be Czech Army’s priority, says chief of staff The Czech Army must prioritise being able to fight in a largescale war against a sophisticated opponent, the chief of the Czech Army’s General Staff, Karel Řehka, said. Business Rail bridge connecting Výtoň and Smíchov to receive huge overhaul The railway bridge connecting Prague's Výtoň and Smíchov districts is due to get a new look – and not everyone is happy about it. Prague's Pařížská street ranks among world’s most expensive in latest analysis The grand Pařížská street has just ranked 17th in the latest analysis of the world’s most expensive streets, overtaking its old rival Na Příkopě. 08:19 Economist: “Middle income bracket” will be worst affected by real wage decline This year will see real wage decline in Czechia reach 8.3 percent, the largest such drop within the Visegrad Group, according to an analysis by investment firm Cyrrus. Society 03:52 Study: More than a quarter million people either homeless or facing housing crisis 270,000 people in Czechia are currently either homeless or facing a housing crisis, according to a study commissioned by the Ministry Labour Ministry. Prague dons its Christmas garb with the start of Advent Hundreds of people turned out for the official tree lighting ceremony on Prague’s Old Town Square on Sunday. 13:35 My Prague – Šimon Holý Young film director Šimon Holý takes us to some of his favourite spots in Prague: the Vinohrady district, the school that strongly shaped him and an intimate literary café. Anniversary of the Week 60 years since iconic Tatra T3 tram began roaming streets On November 21, 1962, the Tatra T3 tram was put into regular service in Prague. It was a very modern tram for its time and would become a successful export product. Culture 31:41 Cult jazz musician Jiří Stivín turns 80 Musician, composer and multi-instrumentalist Jiří Stivín turned 80 this week. He will celebrate with a concert in tribute to St. Cecilia, the patron of musicians. 15:50 “We need to use our bodies as a sensor”: Tereza Stehlíková on importance of taste, touch and smell Tereza Stehlíková is a film and visual artist engaged in cross-disciplinary research at the intersection of art, philosophy, and science. 08:57 GZ Media: Czech firm is world leader in vinyl record production GZ Media produces vinyl records around the clock in order to meet huge demand. In fact the Czech company is the world’s biggest producer of vinyl. History 04:41 Recordings from trial with “chief symbol” of Nazi occupation K. H. Frank being restored Archivists at Czech Radio have discovered discs of recordings from the 1946 trial with Karl Hermann Frank, making it possible to play the sounds for first time in decades. Travel Old Town Bridge Tower to undergo extensive renovation The Old Town Bridge Tower, a gateway to Charles Bridge, which dates back to the 14th century, is to undergo extensive renovation. Nature 03:20 Czech scientists explore possibility of plastic-eating cyanobacteria tackling ocean waste Scientists at Mendel University in Brno are exploring the possibility of using cyanobacteria to clean up plastic waste in the oceans. Science and technology 02:40 “It’s changing how victims access support”: App helps combat domestic violence Friday is the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women. It also marks the start of a worldwide annual campaign against gender-based violence. 02:40 Czech fighter pilot selected as one of ESA’s new team of astronauts The European Space Agency announced its new team of astronauts at the Grand Palais Éphémère in Paris on Wednesday – and among them is Czech fighter pilot Aleš Svoboda. Picture of the week Prague’s Christmas fleet hits the tracks Many of Prague’s trams and busses, including the historic Ringhoffer and Irisbus Citelis 12 M are decked out for Christmas adding to the festive mood in the Czech capital. Photogallery Czech Christmas Markets Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Photo: Kateřina Ayzpurvit, Radio Prague International Christmas markets at Prague Castle|Photo: Klára Stejskalová, Radio Prague International Christmas markets at Prague Castle|Photo: Klára Stejskalová, Radio Prague International Christmas markets at Prague Castle|Photo: Klára Stejskalová, Radio Prague International Christmas markets at Prague Castle|Photo: Klára Stejskalová, Radio Prague International Photo: Anton Kajmakov, Radio Prague International Photo: Barbora Navrátilová, Radio Prague International Photo: Barbora Navrátilová, Radio Prague International Photo: Barbora Navrátilová, Radio Prague International Photo: Barbora Navrátilová, Radio Prague International Photo: Barbora Navrátilová, Radio Prague International Photo: Barbora Navrátilová, Radio Prague International Photo: Barbora Navrátilová, Radio Prague International < > Video CZECH MADE: GZ Media A Stitch in Time: Part 3 – Exile and Return Fourteen-year-old Eva Nováková chose the format of a short radio play to draw us into the world of her great-grandmother, broadcasting legend, Olga Szántová. Subscribe Apple iTunes Google Podcasts Spotify rss feed - other readers My Prague – Šimon Holý Young film director Šimon Holý takes us to some of his favourite spots in Prague: the Vinohrady district, the school that strongly shaped him and an intimate literary café. Subscribe Apple iTunes Google Podcasts Spotify rss feed - other readers Featured Alfons Mucha: a trailblazer in Art Nouveau “We need to use our bodies as a sensor”: Tereza Stehlíková on importance of taste, touch and smell Legendary Czech traveller’s villa opens to public Events and Projects Presidential elections 2023 A Focus on Czechia Czech Christmas The 10 most famous Czech painters Czech Presidency of the EU Council War in Ukraine The Best of Czech classical music Prague Cafes Charles Bridge Václav Havel Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk Twitter Tweets Subscribe A Stitch in Time Apple iTunes Google Podcasts Spotify rss feed - other readers Prague Talk Apple iTunes Google Podcasts Spotify rss feed - other readers No Night So Dark Apple iTunes Google Podcasts Spotify rss feed - other readers Czechia in 30 minutes Apple iTunes Google Podcasts Spotify rss feed - other readers My Prague Apple iTunes Google Podcasts Spotify rss feed - other readers In Their Own Words Apple iTunes Google Podcasts Spotify rss feed - other readers Czech Next Wave Apple iTunes Google Podcasts Spotify rss feed - other readers English Service Staff Daniela Lazarová Ian Willoughby Thomas McEnchroe Ruth Fraňková Anna Fodor Czech Links Czech Foreign Ministry Czech Ministry of Interior Czech Centres CzechTourism National Museum National Gallery Government Portal Immigration Portal of the Czech Republic About Radio Prague Ways to Listen Daily news by e-mail QSL Who is Who Radio Prague History Contact Rception report Logo RSS Cookies Personal data Terms of use Partners Radio Romania International Radio Canada International Polskie Radio SWI swissinfo.ch Follow us Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Rss Radio Prague International © 1997-2022 Radio Prague International
