https://northernontario.ctvnews.ca/
Northern Ontario News | Local Breaking | CTV News Northern Ontario Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Northern Ontario Close NORTHERN ONTARIO Search Search CTV Northern Ontario Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Northern Mining News CTV Lions Telethon Northern Works Around the Region North Bay News Sault Ste. Marie News Sudbury News Timmins News Video Latest All Video CTV Lions Telethon CTV News Live Online Exclusive Video Help Northern Ontario Features Ask An Expert CAA Tip of the Month Explore the North Fields to Forks Gardening Great Places to See Northern Artists Perform Northern Works Pet Care Shows News Programs CTV news at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Instagram Twitter Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Northern Ontario News | Local Breaking | CTV News Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV A Sudbury family is sharing their story after their son spent a week in the hospital with respiratory syncytial virus. Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting A large female coyote has been captured on video patrolling a street in the Greater Sudbury area and here is what you should know. Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Three years ago, during a moment of suffering from post-traumatic stress, Dre crashed her car into some trees on Municipal Road between Timmins and Iroquois Falls. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Springer Aerospace near the Sault enters CCAA, but says no danger it will shut down An aircraft maintenance company near Sault Ste. Marie is beginning restructuring proceedings. Springer Aerospace is working through the Companies’ Creditor Arrangement Act (CCAA) process. New technology could reduce number of false alarms in Sudbury A recent report released by Greater Sudbury Police said 93 per cent of security calls they respond to are false alarms. Sudbury police catch ‘Grinch’ stealing outdoor Christmas decorations Greater Sudbury Police caught a would-be Grinch in Azilda on Sunday evening after numerous outdoor Christmas displays were swiped from front lawns. LU president was determined to push university into insolvency, unsealed documents show Unsealed documents are shedding new light on the discussions between the province and the school leading up to Feb. 1, 2021, insolvency declaration by Laurentian University. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Ontario's winter forecast is out. Here's what to expect for the season While Ontario is currently experiencing a brief reprieve from the cold temperatures of last week, winter-like conditions are soon forecast to return. Ontario woman, 23, charged after graphic video emerges of horse being dragged A 23-year-old Ontario woman has been charged under the provincial welfare services act after a graphic video of a horse being dragged surfaced online. One video shows the horse being pulled with ropes as its back hooves drag along a road. Winter storm watch along Hwy. 11 to James Bay Coast, strong winds along Great Lakes Environment Canada issued winter storm watches from the Geraldton area to Attawapiskat as an intense band of snow and strong wind gusts pass through the area with weather alerts for communities near the Great Lakes. Scout is a friendly tabby who loves a good scratch On this week’s edition of Take Me Home Tuesday, we present Scout, a year-old grey and white haired tabby looking for a good home. Parenting website reveals annual list of top 100 baby names in Canada If you are expecting a baby and still trying to choose a name, a new list of the top 100 most popular names might help you to find one. Top Videos Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV WATCH: Coyote roams Sudbury street in daylight OPP officer near Timmins receives hero award False alarms a problem for Sudbury police Sudbury MPP reacts to Bill 124 ruling Scout is a friendly fellow ready for a new home Infant Foodbank in Sudbury launches campaign Springer Aerospace restructuring Credit union donates $10K to boost mental health Stories by region Sudbury New technology could reduce number of false alarms in Sudbury A recent report released by Greater Sudbury Police said 93 per cent of security calls they respond to are false alarms. 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV A Sudbury family is sharing their story after their son spent a week in the hospital with respiratory syncytial virus. Scout is a friendly tabby who loves a good scratch On this week’s edition of Take Me Home Tuesday, we present Scout, a year-old grey and white haired tabby looking for a good home. Sudbury police catch ‘Grinch’ stealing outdoor Christmas decorations Greater Sudbury Police caught a would-be Grinch in Azilda on Sunday evening after numerous outdoor Christmas displays were swiped from front lawns. Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting A large female coyote has been captured on video patrolling a street in the Greater Sudbury area and here is what you should know. North Bay 'It’s a cool experience': North Bay students speak to astronaut in space Grade 8 students at West Ferris Secondary School had an out-of-this-world experience Monday morning speaking with an astronaut who is currently orbiting Earth on board the International Space Station. Forests Ontario to plant more trees in the north Since 2008, Forests Ontario has planted more than two million trees in the north. Now, through a federally funded program called the 2 Billion Trees Commitment, even more will be planted. Let's Remember Adam campaign fills a bus The 3rd annual Let's Remember Adam Fill the Bus Toy and Food Drive took place in Mattawa Saturday. ‘This is going to help people’: North Bay’s new addictions treatment centre set to open next summer The Northern Ontario Addiction Treatment Centre of Excellence coming to North Bay is a step closer to becoming a reality. It will be located in the old Farquhar Chrysler Dealership on Lakeshore Drive. North Bay Battalion take part in Bullying Prevention and Awareness week It's Bullying Awareness and Prevention Week in Ontario and the North Bay Battalion teamed up with a number of elementary schools in the city to spread the message. Sault Ste. Marie Springer Aerospace near the Sault enters CCAA, but says no danger it will shut down An aircraft maintenance company near Sault Ste. Marie is beginning restructuring proceedings. Springer Aerospace is working through the Companies’ Creditor Arrangement Act (CCAA) process. Winter storm watch along Hwy. 11 to James Bay Coast, strong winds along Great Lakes Environment Canada issued winter storm watches from the Geraldton area to Attawapiskat as an intense band of snow and strong wind gusts pass through the area with weather alerts for communities near the Great Lakes. Interfor workers in the Sault agree to deal with 27.6% wage hike over five years In Sault Ste. Marie over the weekend, 100 members of Unifor Local 1359 voted 80 per cent in favour of a new five-year collective agreement with Interfor, covering its I-Joist mill. Sault Ste. Marie officially applies to be home of the Canada Water Agency This past week, representatives from the Sault officially applied to become the site of the Canada Water Agency. Mayor Matthew Shoemaker said he is confident the city's bid will be successful. Forests Ontario to plant more trees in the north Since 2008, Forests Ontario has planted more than two million trees in the north. Now, through a federally funded program called the 2 Billion Trees Commitment, even more will be planted. Timmins Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Three years ago, during a moment of suffering from post-traumatic stress, Dre crashed her car into some trees on Municipal Road between Timmins and Iroquois Falls. Winter storm watch along Hwy. 11 to James Bay Coast, strong winds along Great Lakes Environment Canada issued winter storm watches from the Geraldton area to Attawapiskat as an intense band of snow and strong wind gusts pass through the area with weather alerts for communities near the Great Lakes. Province offers construction subsidy to long-term care facilities planning to build Four years ago, the Golden Manor embarked on a provincially mandated plan to upgrade its current nursing home in Timmins. A lot has changed since then, including a global pandemic and a new administrator. Gas leak forces evacuation of Northern College in Timmins Northern College in Timmins is closed for the day as officials at the school are dealing with a gas leak. Timmins, Ont., woman who had chiropractor treat her diabetes ends up in a coma A professional health standards review committee is calling for a review of sanctions for a Timmins chiropractor whose patient ended up in a diabetic coma. STAY CONNECTED LOCAL GOVERNMENTS: HOW THEY WORK Few and far between: population density in northern Ontario No matter how many pages of the budget you go through line-by-line, some key factors in northeastern Ontario make annual budgeting a challenge. Algonquin Boulevard East in Timmins by City Hall. (CTV Northern Ontario file) Between a rock and a hard place: local government in northeastern Ontario Despite a long list of responsibilities, local governments have the least power and are heavily regulated by the province. Public lookout at Newmont Porcupine's Hollinger open pit mine in Timmins. (Lydia Chubak/CTV Northern Ontario) Northeastern Ontario politicians reflect on their time at city hall One of the biggest surprises many newly elected city councillors face is just how complicated it is to get things done – and that they are not the boss of every city staffer they meet. Public hearing at Sudbury's city hall Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw Editor's Picks FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Alberta not proceeding with Premier Smith's bill to protect COVID-19 unvaccinated Alberta Premier Danielle Smith is reversing a promise to enshrine human rights protections for the COVID-19 unvaccinated in law this fall. Caught on camera: B.C. police officer punches man during arrest after Offspring concert An Abbotsford police officer was caught on camera punching a man twice in the face during the course of an arrest this weekend, prompting a review by the department and a provincial watchdog. A man went missing from a Carnival cruise ship in the Gulf of Mexico. What happened next might well be a 'Thanksgiving miracle' A passenger went missing from a Carnival cruise ship in the Gulf of Mexico. Quick thinking and a 'miracle' saved the man's life. Airbnb has a plan to fix cleaning fees Pretty much everyone hates Airbnb cleaning fees -- those pesky charges tacked on to your vacation rental bill that supposedly cover the costs to get the place ready for the next visitors. Travellers don't like the expense, and hosts don't like charging them, either. Consumer Alert More than 100,000 Ford F-150 trucks in Canada involved in wiper motor recall While Ford is in the midst of a massive recall involving windshield wipers, an Ontario man said he has been trying for more than two months to get his wiper motor repaired on his Ford F-150 pickup truck. Online bargains for Cyber Monday can still be found. Here's where to look Cyber Monday is the busiest online shopping day for Canadians — and some of Monday's deals are still available. Ontario man warns people to check bank statements after error nearly costs him $10K An Ontario man who lost more than $10,000 after a cheque he wrote was cashed twice said he was pushed to the 'end of his rope' trying to fight TD Bank to get the money back. CTV News On the Go Indo-Pacific strategy a 'U-turn' on Canada-China relations Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Atiba Hutchinson - Canada's captain in Qatar: W5 preview The human cost of Qatar's World Cup stadiums: W5 preview WATCH LIVE LIVE events and news programs CTV News at Noon Noon CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. LISTEN LIVE CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act CTV News Political Commentator Scott Reid reacts to Alta. Premier Danielle Smith's proposed Sovereignty within a United Canada Act. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. Barrie 'I almost died,' Orillia man's road to recovery 'a nightmare' after contracting Legionella Landmark demolished to make way for future developments Enrollment surges at new Simcoe County elementary school Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect Windsor 'Armed and dangerous' suspect identified after fatal Windsor shooting 'It just doesn’t seem real at this point': Shooting victim's mother speaks out 1616 Ouellette landlord provides displaced tenants with financial assistance as temporary shelter closes Monday Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint WHERE TO WATCH US Bell Fibe: 1230 Bell Satellite: 588 Cogeco : 9 Eastlink (Sturgeon Falls): 5 Eastlink (South of North Bay to Novar): 6 Shaw Satellite: 643 Antenna: 2 Bell Fibe: 231 Bell ExpressVu: 590 Shaw Cable: 11 Shaw Satellite: 641 Antenna: 5 Bell Fibe: 402 Bell Satellite: 61, 221 Eastlink: 4 Shaw Direct: 356(classic), 050(advanced) Vianet: 127SC Bell Fibe: 6 Bell Satellite: 589 Eastlink: 4 Shaw Direct: 642 Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
