https://ottawa.ctvnews.ca/
Ottawa News | Local Breaking | CTV News Ottawa Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Ottawa Close OTTAWA Search Search CTV Ottawa Close News Latest News Weather Gas Prices Contests Photo Galleries Recipes Traffic Pop Quiz Community Calendar Weekenders Featured Toy Mountain Holiday Helpers Food Drive Holiday Lights Tour COVID-19 in Ottawa Freedom Convoy 2022 Fields to Forks Around the Region Kingston News Brockville News Pembroke News Video Latest All Video Weather Marnie's Market Updates Regional Contact CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Personalities Email Alerts Social Facebook Twitter Instagram TikTok Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Ottawa News | Local Breaking | CTV News Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct An Ottawa woman is accusing a well-known lawyer of sexual misconduct, saying he offered her legal services in exchange for sexual favours. Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash A teenager who followed his dream to play U.S. college basketball is now faced with a life-changing event, after a car crash in Nebraska left him paralyzed. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Complete Weather Forecast Weather brought to you by MORE TOP STORIES Overburdened Ontario children's hospitals sending kids to Kingston for treatment Kingston General Hospital is taking in young, very sick patients from across Ontario as children’s hospitals are overloaded. CHEO nurses and staff receive generous gift in return for help early in pandemic Nurses and other staff at CHEO received a $25,000 gift from Sienna Senior Living as a thank you for the work they did during the early days of the pandemic. Giving Tuesday an important day for charities across Ottawa The day after Cyber Monday is a day for millions around the world to give to their favourite charities. It’s called “Giving Tuesday” and the charities that benefit from it say they need it now more than ever. Three new COVID-19 deaths reported in Ottawa in latest snapshot; flu positivity on the rise Ottawa Public Health continues to report deaths from COVID-19 in the capital, with three residents having died since Friday. Five charged, including 15-year-old, after stolen cars recovered south of Ottawa Five Quebec residents are facing charges after police recovered stolen cars along Highway 401 south of Ottawa. Here's where Renfrew County's first roundabout is planned to go Drivers in Renfrew may soon be left with their heads spinning as the town has proposed to install the county's first roundabout. Brockville, Ont. senior girls' basketball team tops in the province An eastern Ontario high school is the best in the province, after their senior girls A basketball team won the OFSAA Championship in Walkerton, Ont. over the weekend. Ottawa police arson unit investigating two fires at Little Italy building The Ottawa police arson unit is investigating two fires in the space of a week at the same Little Italy apartment building. Ottawa bagel company Kettlemans to open up shop in Montreal An Ottawa-based company is hoping to toast the taste buds of Quebecers with its own take on the beloved Montreal delight, the bagel. Driver strikes cyclist east of downtown Ottawa An Ottawa cyclist was seriously injured after a driver struck him east of downtown early Tuesday morning. Social media tools were key to 'Freedom Convoy' protest, expert tells inquiry Social media acted as the "central nervous system" of the "Freedom Convoy" protest in Ottawa last winter, the Public Order Emergency Commission heard Tuesday as it considered the role of misinformation in the lead up to the invocation of the Emergencies Act. Ottawa Police Services Board cuts meeting short to end protest The Ottawa Police Services Board abruptly ended its meeting Monday as public delegates held a protest demanding action on restoring hybrid meetings and freezing the police budget. Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season For most people, the holiday season is a time for giving. But for fraudsters and scammers, it's a time for taking. Driver escapes eastern Ontario crash with minor injuries A driver escaped serious injury when their vehicle flipped onto its side in eastern Ontario on Tuesday morning. Latest Videos 'Disturbing' allegations against Ottawa lawyer Pediatric patents transferred to Kingston Ottawa basketball star paralyzed in crash Turbulent start for Ottawa Council Kristy's take: Council's rocky start 'Giving Tuesday' vital for charities Giving thanks to CHEO for pandemic help Renfrew's roundabout St. Mary's basketball champions Tuesday 6 p.m. weather update Editor's Picks Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines When a B.C. metal artist was asked to create a giant sculpture with Elon Musk's head on the body of a goat riding a rocket he had no idea who would want to create such a thing or why. Hawaii volcano eruption has some on alert, draws onlookers The first eruption in 38 years of the world's largest active volcano is attracting onlookers to a national park for "spectacular" views of the event, and it's also dredging up bad memories among some Hawaii residents who have been through harrowing volcanic experiences in the past. Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store Elon Musk on Monday claimed that Apple has 'threatened' to pull Twitter from its iOS app store, a move that could be devastating to the company Musk just acquired for US$44 billion. Ontario's winter forecast is out. Here's what to expect for the season While Ontario is currently experiencing a brief reprieve from the cold temperatures of last week, winter-like conditions are soon forecast to return. How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study You may have heard the oft-repeated advice to drink eight glasses of water a day, but according to a new study, the amount of water we need daily ranges wildly based on numerous factors. Parenting website reveals annual list of top 100 baby names in Canada If you are expecting a baby and still trying to choose a name, a new list of the top 100 most popular names might help you to find one. 'Gaslighting' is Merriam-Webster's word of the year in 2022 'Gaslighting' -- behaviour that's mind manipulating, grossly misleading, downright deceitful – is Merriam-Webster's word of the year. Hawaii's Mauna Loa erupts, officials warn people to prepare Waves of orange, glowing lava and smoky ash erupted Monday from the world's largest active volcano and people living on Hawaii's Big Island were warned to be ready if their communities are threatened. CTV Morning Live Morning Live is Ottawa’s #1 morning show Wake up with us each weekday morning with everything you need to start your day. Catch up on the latest local news, weather, traffic – plus food, health, money and lifestyle information. Missed the show? Watch CTV Morning Live here. COVID-19 in Ottawa CHEO nurses and staff receive generous gift in return for help early in pandemic Nurses and other staff at CHEO received a $25,000 gift from Sienna Senior Living as a thank you for the work they did during the early days of the pandemic. Three new COVID-19 deaths reported in Ottawa in latest snapshot; flu positivity on the rise Ottawa Public Health continues to report deaths from COVID-19 in the capital, with three residents having died since Friday. Here's a snapshot as OPH continues to warn about the flu and COVID in Ottawa In its weekly COVID-19 snapshot, Ottawa Public Health says COVID, influenza and other respiratory viruses continue to circulate in the community. Stories Worth Watching Ottawa basketball star paralyzed in crash CTV's Tyler Fleming with the story of Stephane Okenge and how the community is helping after he was left with a severe disability. St. Mary's basketball champions Puppy rescued from chilly St. Lawrence River Featured SPONSORED SPONSORED | The complete home maintenance fall and winter to-do list As the cold weather sets in, we’re all gearing up to cozy up indoors or have a winter of adventure. In either case, the last thing you want to worry about is replacing broken home equipment, dealing with drafty, inefficient windows and doors, or scrambling to fix things that break down unexpectedly. Natalie MacLean Wines of the Week for November 28, 2022 Saint Clair Pioneer Block 11 Chardonnay 2019, Aveleda Alvarinho 2021, Versado Malbec 2018, Schramsberg Mirabelle Brut Rosé Sparkling, 13th Street June's Vineyard Riesling 2020 Around the Region Brockville Brockville, Ont. senior girls' basketball team tops in the province Five charged, including 15-year-old, after stolen cars recovered south of Ottawa Pembroke Here's where Renfrew County's first roundabout is planned to go Just Good Compost: A local project for the planet in Almonte Kingston Overburdened Ontario children's hospitals sending kids to Kingston for treatment Teen charged with making threats toward Kingston, Ont. high school Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face WATCH LIVE CTV Morning Live 6 a.m. CTV News at Noon Noon CTV News at Five 5 p.m. Mayoral Debate on CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. NEWS LINKS Diane Woodward Art Manley Underwear Toy Mountain Holiday Helpers Food Drive Christmas Cheer - Dec. 2 STAY CONNECTED LISTEN LIVE IN PICTURES CTV News On the Go Indo-Pacific strategy a 'U-turn' on Canada-China relations Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Atiba Hutchinson - Canada's captain in Qatar: W5 preview The human cost of Qatar's World Cup stadiums: W5 preview FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act CTV News Political Commentator Scott Reid reacts to Alta. Premier Danielle Smith's proposed Sovereignty within a United Canada Act. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. Highlights from Across Canada Strangers rescue peacock from peril on Victoria street After living in his downtown Victoria neighbourhood for more than 30 years, David Ferguson says this was a first. Roadside delivery: Nova Scotia baby born in family car A Nova Scotia family’s baby delivery story is sure to be shared for many years to come after their baby was born along the side of the road on the way to the hospital. Trudeau accepts portrait of his father by London, Ont. artist London artist Eric Drummond said he is honoured Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has accepted a portrait of his late father, former prime minister Pierre Trudeau. The painting was presented to the prime minister by London North Centre MP Peter Fragiskatos last week. 'One to remember': Bright meteor streaks across Manitoba sky Several people in Manitoba got a clear look at a celestial sight Thursday night. A meteor was caught streaking across the sky in the province, with cameras catching it in Winnipeg and other areas north of the city. 'It looks like Poseidon': Ingersoll, Ont. photographer captures spectacular image of face in waves While working along the Lake Erie shoreline last weekend, a photographer from Ingersoll captured something unexpected. 'It took me hours to go through them all but I found a couple I really liked and that one stood out,' said Cody Evans. 'Freedom Convoy 2.0' being planned for February 2023 An organizer of the 'Freedom Convoy' says he's planning a reunion in Ottawa in February. James Bauder, the founder of Canada Unity, a group that called for an end to all vaccine mandates, posted on Facebook calling for a 'Freedom Convoy 2.0' Feb. 17 to 21 in Ottawa. Authorities chase down runaway ostriches in Taber, Alta. It was a strange situation in one southern Alberta community on Thursday where police were called to help wrangle some runaway ostriches. 'Incompetent' murder investigation destroyed her life, Sudbury woman says in $8M lawsuit Melissa Sheridan says she went from a respected Sudbury businesswoman to social pariah after she was charged in 2020 with murdering her ex-husband, Brant Burke. 'I'm at the mercy of a failing health-care system': B.C. cancer patient faces 6-month wait for biopsy After testing positive for a gene that puts her at high risk for breast cancer, coupled with her family’s medical history, Jannelle Chemko says it’s not a matter of if she’ll get the disease, but when. Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
