https://saskatoon.ctvnews.ca/prince-albert
Prince Albert News | Local Breaking | CTV News Prince Albert Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Saskatoon Close PRINCE ALBERT Search Search CTV Saskatoon Close News Latest News All Articles Prince Albert News Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video Crime Stoppers Indigenous Circle CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who we Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Prince Albert News | Local Breaking | CTV News Prince Albert Prince Albert Food Bank gearing up for the holiday season The Prince Albert Food Bank has been trying to keep up with the increasing demand for food hampers in the city. 'Keep that going throughout time': Metis leader says historical designation a source of pride An English-speaking Metis man and founding father of the City of Prince Albert has been recognized by the Historical Sites and Monuments Boards of Canada for his contribution to the fabric of Canada. 'It's not surprising': a recent study names Prince Albert as the greenest city in Canada A new study by the real estate site Calgary.com has listed Prince Albert as the greenest city in Canada. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES City of Prince Albert increases debt limit for recreation centre project The province has approved the City of Prince Albert’s application to increase its debt borrowing limit. City of Prince Albert approves spending on new hires The City of Prince Albert City Council has voted to fund three new firefighter positions and two new roadways/snow operator positions in 2023. 'I would do it all over again': Prince Albert firefighter wins bronze at international hockey tournament A Prince Albert firefighter has been given a chance to take to the ice internationally. 'My father was killed by the Taliban': Afghan families find refuge in Prince Albert Six families made their way to settle in Prince Albert after more than 300 refugees landed in Saskatoon on Nov. 2. Prince Albert man accused of killing 13-month-old ordered to stand trial A trial was ordered for a father charged with the murder of his infant son at their home in Prince Albert in February. 'A lot of people gave up their lives for this': Prince Albert Veterans honoured at Remembrance Day ceremony Despite the cold weather Friday morning, citizens of Prince Albert gathered in front of City Hall for the Remembrance Day ceremony. 'They’ve been struggling': Sask. government calls independent review of Prince Albert police The Saskatchewan Ministry of Corrections, Policing and Public Safety has appointed a former Edmonton police chief to conduct an outside review of the Prince Albert Police Service (PAPS). 'This is an emergency': Northern Indigenous leaders call for immediate resources for safety First Nations chiefs and Metis leaders from the north say the provincial and federal governments need to allocate funds to their communities to deal with escalating crime and social problems. Inmate inquest jury recommends changes to Correctional Service of Canada The inquest into the death of an inmate at the Saskatchewan Penitentiary ended Friday morning with the jury of six determining facts about the case and presenting several recommendations to prevent similar deaths in the future. Inquest witnesses say inmate reported feeling 'overwhelming emotional pain' before hanging himself The inquest into the death of an inmate at the Saskatchewan Penitentiary continued on Thursday at the Coronet Hotel where the jury heard about the last few hours before the inmate's death. Prince Albert Newscasts CTV News Prince Albert for Nov. 28, 2022 CTV News Prince Albert for Nov. 25, 2022 CTV News Prince Albert for Nov. 24, 2022 CTV News Prince Albert for Nov. 23, 2022 CTV News Prince Albert for Nov. 22, 2022 CTV News Saskatoon Top Stories Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon city council landed on a 3.93 per cent property tax hike for 2023. Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns Mandy Thibodeau is worried about the safety of her employees at the Subway on 22nd Street and 2nd Avenue in downtown Saskatoon. City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA The Saskatoon SPCA wants the city to cover the costs an animal faces when going from pound to shelter. Morning blaze destroys Saskatoon garage Some carelessly dumped smoking material led to the destruction of a two-car garage on Avenue Y North Tuesday morning, a City of Saskatoon news release said. Saskatoon cargo truck blaze captured on video Bystander video shows a cargo truck burning in the city's Stonebridge neighbourhood. Saskatoon braces for more winter weather After a big dump of snow yesterday, and overnight, Saskatoon was in clean-up mode today and while there has already been a lot of winter this November, Saskatoon is bracing for more in the coming weeks. Humboldt charitable baker gifted new oven from anonymous donors Christmas came early for a charitable baker out of Humboldt after her oven stopped working properly. Saskatoon's E.D. Feehan Catholic High School students volunteering throughout the community Hundreds of students from E.D. Feehan Catholic School were volunteering in the community as part of its Focus on the Family program. Woman killed, child seriously injured in crash near Rose Valley, Sask. A crash near Rose Valley over the weekend left a woman dead and a child seriously injured. Stay Connected Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act The Fourth Session of the 30th Legislature opens on Tuesday, November 29, 2022, at 3 p.m. with the Speech from the Throne. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Ontario boy bursts into tears after parents surprise him with first Raptors game Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Vancouver Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Majority of Canadians support legal protections for abortion, survey finds Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Hawaii volcano eruption has some on alert, draws onlookers Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Gap year popularity rises with students, COVID-19 lockdowns and costs factors Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
