https://www.rri.ro/en_gb/pages/home/
Radio Romania International Contact Frequencies Our programs Radio Romania International RomânăArmâneaştiEnglishEspañolFrançaisУкраїнськаItalianoPусский中文DeutschعربيSrpskiעברית News and Current Affairs Newsflash Today in the News Sport The Week in Review ON DEMAND Features and Reports The History Show Inside Romania Society Today Traveller’s Guide The Future Starts Today Green Planet World of Culture RRI Encyclopaedia Business Club QSL-cards Useful information Useful information Contact Us How to listen Things to know Forum Our Shows Listeners' Corner Romanian without Tears The Sounds of Romania The Cooking Show In the Spotlight Sunday Studio Expat in Romania RRI Special UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Romania Contest Contest QSL QSL ON DEMAND LISTEN HERE Newsflash November 29, 2022 UPDATE A roundup of domestic and international news Today in the News NATO Secretary General in Bucharest Bucharest hosts for two days the NATO Foreign Ministers’ meeting. ... Sport Athlete of the week Iranian-born Dinamo handballer Saeid Heidarirad ... The Week in Review THE WEEK IN REVIEW November 21 - 25 2022 ... Inside Romania The virtual learning lab and other stories Over the past two years, life switched to the online mode ... The History Show The history of child protection in Romania The Romanian space had approximately the same history of child protection as that of the geo-cultural areas that influenced it. ... RRI Encyclopaedia Bicycle Mita's Palace Bicycle Mita is a character in the urban folklore of Bucharest, based in reality ... Traveller’s Guide Tourist Attractions in Banat Today we are going to the historic region of Banat ... Society Today Anti-fake news education Societal initiatives designed to combat the spread of disinformation ... World of Culture A trip down the memory lane The historian Nicolae Iorga in an exhibition in Piatra-Neamt ... Contest Winners of the Iasi Contest The Iasi - Historical Capital of Romania Contest ... RRI Special Interview with Armenia's Ambassador to Bucharest The Ambassador of Armenia to Romania, Sergey Minasyan, has given an exclusive interview to RRI. ... In the Spotlight The Euro-Atlantic Resilience Forum EARF 2022 focused on boosting regional resilience to global challenges ... Most Read SoundCloud RRI Live! 1 2 3 Radio Feedback Reception Report Feedback BUCHAREST WEATHER Currency Converter Find us on Facebook! Tweets by RRInternational *This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to our use of cookies. Listeners' Corner Listener's Day on RRI Contributions from our listeners ... RRI's History About Romania Terms and Conditions Previous Version News and Current Affairs Features and Reports Useful information Our Shows Contest QSL ON DEMAND Partners Affiliates Providers Useful Links Ministry of Foreign Affairs Government of Romania General Inspectorate for Immigration Romanian Border Police Romanian Cultural Institute Romanian Cultural Institute in London Romanian Cultural Institute in New York Radio România Internaţional, str. General Berthelot nr. 60-64, sect. 1, cod 010165, Bucureşti, www.rri.ro, telefon 0040.21.319.05.16, fax 0040.21.319.05.62, rri@rri.ro Radio Radio Chişinău România Actualităţi Antena Satelor România Cultural România Muzical eTeatru.ro Radio 3 Net "Florian Pittiş" Reţeaua regională România Regional Bucureşti fm Radio Cluj Radio Constanța Radio Vacanța Radio Craiova Radio Iași Radio Reșița Radio Târgu Mureş Radio Timișoara Brasov FM Publicaţii Politică Românească Editura Casa Radio Agenţie de presă Rador Concerte şi evenimente Orchestre şi Coruri Târgul de Carte Gaudeamus Instituţii publice Administraţia Prezidenţială Guvernul României Senat Camera Deputaților Televiziunea Română Consiliul Național al Audiovizualului (Adresă: Bd. Libertății nr.14, sector 5, cod 050706, București, ROMÂNIA) Copyright © . All rights reserved
