https://www.ctvnews.ca/business/royal-bank-of-canada-signs-deal-to-buy-hsbc-canada-for-13-5b-1.6172735
RBC signs $13.5B deal to buy HSBC Canada | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B TORONTO - Royal Bank of Canada has agreed to pay $13.5-billion in cash for HSBC Bank Canada in what is the largest domestic banking deal on record. The acquisition, at a scale not seen in Canada in decades, would secure RBC's spot as the country's largest bank as it looks to establish itself as the hub for a more globalized clientele. "It's a unique, once in a generation opportunity to leverage all the investments we've already made in building a world-class retail and commercial bank," said chief executive Dave McKay on an analyst call. The deal will see it take over about $134 billion in HSBC assets including a significant mortgage book, but RBC sees it more as a way to add to its client base. That includes the commercial side as well as wealthy clients and newcomers. "That we're bringing in, first and foremost, commercial banking capability, globally connected clients, trade finance and multi-currency accounts, and preferential access to the next generation of clients," said McKay. The bank expects to achieve cost savings of about $740 million for 2024, or about 55 per cent of HSBC Canada's current expense base, through a combination of integrating technology, closures among the 130 branches, and job cuts. Neil McLaughlin, group head of personal and commercial banking at RBC, said there will be reductions but the bank does hope to absorb many of the 4,200 current HSBC Canada employees. "There are obviously places we will not require the same number of FTE (full-time equivalent jobs) to service the combined client base. We have looked at that, and we feel very strongly that the number of open jobs we have across our business, and looking at where those FTE's are, we'll be able to welcome those employees in." The deal will require approval from the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, the Competition Bureau, and the Ministry of Finance, but McKay said that as HSBC Canada has a market share of two per cent or less, he doesn't see areas of concern. "We are not aware of any areas where the bureau is likely to have concern," said McKay. "This is still a relatively small bank by market share." RBC expects the deal to close by late 2023 subject to closing conditions and regulatory approval. Global banking giant HSBC Holdings PLC said earlier this year that it was reviewing strategic options for its Canadian subsidiary including the possible sale of the operations. HSBC Group chief executive Noel Quinn said the bank decided to sell the Canadian business after a thorough review that concluded that there was a material value upside from selling. "The deal makes strategic sense for both parties, and RBC will take the business to the next level," Quinn said in a statement. "Our group strategy is unchanged, and closing this transaction will free up additional capital to invest in growing our core businesses and to return to shareholders." The last time Canada's banking industry saw a deal of this scale was TD Bank Group's acquisition of Canada Trust in 1999 for about $8 billion, which is the equivalent of about $13.1 billion adjusted for inflation. TD made the deal after the federal government blocked proposed mergers between RBC and Bank of Montreal as well as between TD and CIBC in 1998, which established a convention that mergers between the Big Five banks would not be allowed to go ahead. This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 29, 2022 MORE Business News Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history Qatar to supply liquefied natural gas to Germany from 2026 Competitors chip away at Tesla's U.S. electric vehicle share Canadian home prices expected to fall 3.3 per cent in 2023: Re/Max report 75 per cent of U.S. owners of Cdn. rec properties bought after foreign buyer ban: survey YOUR FINANCES Gap year popularity rises with students, COVID-19 lockdowns and costs factors With the 2023 post-secondary education application deadlines approaching, many students across Canada are looking for alternatives to university and college, leaving parents anxious taking a ‘gap year’ could mean they never return to school. opinion opinion | 6 tips to achieve financial independence in Canada Wouldn't it be nice to never have to work again? While this may sound like a dream to many, it is entirely possible. CTVNews.ca personal finance contributor Christopher Liew shares a handful of helpful tips on how to potentially achieve financial independence. Some recent homebuyers will find rate hikes painful as mortgages go up: BoC Recent homebuyers with variable-rate mortgages will find the adjustment to higher interest rates more painful, said Bank of Canada senior deputy governor Carolyn Rogers. Tips for a first-time car buyer with a stretched budget Buying your first car can be as exciting as it is daunting. Whether you’re buying a car off the lot from a dealership or purchasing a car in a private sale, contributor Christopher Liew shares in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca a few basic tips that you should always keep in mind. 'Last year's storm was just the beginning': Food banks have record-breaking visits in 2022 In March 2022 alone, food banks across Canada had 1.5 million visits, a 15 per cent increase from the year prior and the highest recorded usage on record. opinion opinion | Should you cancel an old credit card that you don't use anymore? Many Canadians have one or two old credit cards that they no longer use. Before you jump to close your old, unused credit card, CTVNews.ca contributor Christopher Liew outlines some of the pros and cons of closing a credit card account, so you can make the most informed decision. A quarter of Canadians have stockpiled food in the last month as grocery prices climb: Nanos survey Canadians are buying less expensive food, stockpiling food and even eating less to cope with food prices as inflation soars, according to a new survey. What do senior citizens need to do to age in place? Most Canadian seniors would prefer to stay in their homes for as long as possible, what is referred to as aging in place, rather than in an assisted living facility, according to recent studies that have come out this year. Personal finance contributor Christopher Liew shares some practical tips on how to age in place, so you can continue living life on your terms. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
