https://regina.ctvnews.ca/
Regina News | Regina Weather | CTV News Regina Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Regina Close REGINA Search Search CTV Regina Close News Latest News All Articles Yorkton Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Yorkton Sports CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Regina News | Regina Weather | CTV News Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Business operations are winding down at Saskatchewan government liquor stores as the remaining 34 locations will close their doors in the new year. Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Saskatchewan is forecasting a $1.1 billion surplus for 2022-23 in its mid-year financial report released on Tuesday. Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Regina city councillor Dan LeBlanc showed up to the Court at King's Bench Tuesday morning to set a date to make his case against the city's manager. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES 'I'm in constant agonizing pain': Sask. woman frustrated with quality of health-care A 57-year-old woman from the Yorkton area is frustrated with the quality of healthcare she’s received. She says she lives everyday in excruciating pain, and claims health-care professionals aren’t listening to her. Questions over consultations persist as Sask. First Act passes second reading The Saskatchewan First Act, a bill asserting provincial jurisdiction over natural resources, passed its second reading at the legislature on Monday. 'Bison Day' at Agribition marked with sales, Indigenous ceremonies The second day of the Canadian Western Agribition was called ‘bison day’ and for good reason. Events focused on the importance of bison in the agriculture industry as well as the animal’s Indigenous roots and connections. 'Hoping to bring my Canadian spirit': Regina divers sign Division I scholarships Abby Ounsworth and Chelsey Dorosh of the Regina Diving Club have signed NCAA Division 1 Scholarships with Georgia Southern University and University of Nevada, Las Vegas for the 2023-24 collegiate year. Regina Food Bank proposes downtown location The Regina Food Bank is exploring a new “Downtown Community Food Hub” to serve as its distribution site for those in need. 'Outgrown our space': Salthaven West fundraises for new clinic to treat injured wildlife in Sask. In light of Giving Tuesday, Salthaven West is asking residents to consider supporting Saskatchewan’s wildlife and the benefits they bring to the ecosystem. Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. City snow routes in effect Wednesday morning Snow routes will be in effect from 6 a.m. Wednesday morning until 6 a.m. Thursday morning, the city said in a news release. Regina police ask for public's help in solving hit and run Regina police are asking for the public’s help in gaining more information surrounding an early morning hit and run. Riders sign University of Saskatchewan kicker David Solie The Saskatchewan Roughriders announced two Canadian signings on Tuesday, including kicker David Solie from the University of Saskatchewan. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. More than 40 checkstops expected around Sask. in December There will be an increase in impaired driving checkstops around Saskatchewan this holiday season. Top Videos SGLA store operations winding down Frustrations with Sask. health-care 'Bison Day' comes to Agribition in Regina Salthaven Wildlife Rehab in need of upgrades Regina divers making waves south of the border Growing crisis in municipal housing Inside CTV News Regina SPONSORED SPONSORED | 'Keep their hands and heads busy': Harbour Landing Village to connect independent-living seniors with programming SPONSORED: Harbour Landing Village is a senior care and independent living residence, as well as a daycare, pre-school and group home in south Regina and it is about to launch a new pilot program, called Village Connect. Here are the 5 former Riders drafted into the new XFL Five players who spent time with the Saskatchewan Roughriders are taking their shot at the XFL when the league relaunches under new ownership in 2023. Regina Michaels store expected to be closed through holiday season following fire The Michaels store in east Regina will be closed through the holiday season and into 2023 following a fire earlier this week. CTV News Yorkton Sask. sisters convicted of murder reunite in front of courthouse with hope to clear their names Two Indigenous sisters, who are among Canada’s longest serving female inmates, saw each other for the first time in 18 years, outside a Yorkton courthouse on Thursday. 'This one is special': Hundreds gather as Yorkton returns to typical Remembrance Day service For the first time since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Yorkton Legion was able to gather for a full ceremony for the 2022 Remembrance Day ceremonies. 'It takes a toll on you': Metis veteran using Indigenous practices to cope with PTSD One Metis Veteran used his Indigenous culture to help him cope with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) from his time serving with the Canadian Armed Forces. Highlights from Across Canada Strangers rescue peacock from peril on Victoria street After living in his downtown Victoria neighbourhood for more than 30 years, David Ferguson says this was a first. Roadside delivery: Nova Scotia baby born in family car A Nova Scotia family’s baby delivery story is sure to be shared for many years to come after their baby was born along the side of the road on the way to the hospital. Trudeau accepts portrait of his father by London, Ont. artist London artist Eric Drummond said he is honoured Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has accepted a portrait of his late father, former prime minister Pierre Trudeau. The painting was presented to the prime minister by London North Centre MP Peter Fragiskatos last week. 'One to remember': Bright meteor streaks across Manitoba sky Several people in Manitoba got a clear look at a celestial sight Thursday night. A meteor was caught streaking across the sky in the province, with cameras catching it in Winnipeg and other areas north of the city. Listen Live CTV News On the Go Indo-Pacific strategy a 'U-turn' on Canada-China relations Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Atiba Hutchinson - Canada's captain in Qatar: W5 preview The human cost of Qatar's World Cup stadiums: W5 preview Masterpieces stolen in a brazen Montreal heist: W5 preview A search for clues about a family's missing son: W5 preview WATCH LIVE CTV Morning Live 6 a.m. CTV News at Noon Noon CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. Stay Connected CTV Morning Live SPONSORED: Greenhawk Regina WATCH: Kayleen went #OnTheGo at Greenhawk to discuss the needs of horses, riders and their other pets. David Marit talks Saskatchewan Agriculture How to keep your brain healthy Indigenous Circle Indigenous Circle: Nov. 26 WATCH: Nelson Bird brings you this week’s edition of Indigenous Circle. Indigenous Circle – Nov. 19, 2022 Indigenous Circle: Nov. 12 Wheatland Cafe Pan-Fried Chicken WATCH: CJ Katz makes Pan-Fried Chicken for this week’s edition of the Wheatland Café. Pumpkin Waffles Smoked Chocolate Cake Crime Stoppers Crime Stoppers - Nov. 28, 2022 WATCH: Regina police search for suspects in this week’s Crime Stoppers report. Crime Stoppers - Nov. 7 Crime Stoppers - Oct. 31, 2022 Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act CTV News Political Commentator Scott Reid reacts to Alta. Premier Danielle Smith's proposed Sovereignty within a United Canada Act. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
