https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/residential-schools
Residential Schools in Canada | CTV News | Truth and Reconciliation Commission Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Residential Schools in Canada | CTV News | Truth and Reconciliation Commission RESIDENTIAL SCHOOL SURVIVORS' STORIES IN THEIR OWN WORDS Kanakii Mekaisto: 'I'm learning how it's affected me' Harvey McLeod: Apology 'has to come with some sincerity' Fred Kelly: 'We were looked upon as inferior' Phil Fontaine: 'Our hope is that he will apologize' Angela Shisheesh: 'People alive who know my history’ Evelyn Korkmaz: 'We should have a say' Florence Marshall: "We’re going to be silenced no more" Harvey McLeod : 'I'm not a number, I'm a human being' Archie Patrick: 'Nothing is going to be done about this' Truth and Reconciliation Commission Read the summary of the report Volume 1, part 1 of the report: Origins to 1939 Volume 1, part 2: 1939 to 2000 Volume 2: The Inuit and Northern experience Volume 3: The Metis experience Volume 4: Missing children and unmarked burials Volume 5: The legacy Volume 6: Reconciliation The 94 calls to action Where are the children buried? The survivors speak What we have learned Lessons learned: Survivor perspectives Read the final report from the Independent Assessment Process Figures and illustrations released in the report The role of RCMP in the residential school system Read the 1876 Indian Act WHERE TO FIND HELP A compiled list of resources and hotlines from across Canada dedicated to supporting Indigenous people who are in crisis. A mobile phone is seen in this file image. (Pexels) SUPPORTING SURVIVORS Canadians can support survivors of the residential school system by donating to Indigenous-led organizations. A woman carries flowers to be placed with 215 pairs of children's shoes on the steps of the Vancouver Art Gallery as a memorial to the 215 children whose remains have been found buried at the site of a former residential school in Kamloops, in Vancouver, on Friday, May 28, 2021. ( THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck) WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT Residential Schools 'Sadness and hope': Indigenous leaders, academics speak on Sept. 30 as commitments go unfulfilled For the National Day for Truth and Reconciliation, CTVNews.ca spoke to several Indigenous leaders about feelings around the day more than a year since the suspected gravesites made world news, and in the weeks following Queen Elizabeth II death that took over the news cycle during a month when decolonization is meant to be top of mind. 'We shouldn't have to push people': Most provinces have not made Sept. 30 a stat holiday While Canada prepares to honour the second annual National Day for Truth and Reconciliation on Friday, the majority of provinces have not followed the federal government's move to make it a statutory holiday for its workers. What each province, territory is doing on National Day for Truth and Reconciliation Friday is the second annual National Day for Truth and Reconciliation, also known as Orange Shirt Day. The federal government made Sept. 30 a statutory holiday for its workers and federally regulated workplaces last year. Canadian Museums Association recommends 10 ways to decolonize heritage sector The Canadian Museums Association is calling for legislation, money and a cohesive national strategy to support Indigenous-led reconciliation in the museum sector. Young Indigenous leaders offer senators new ideas to mark National Day for Truth and Reconciliation Dr. Meghan Beals says she wants Canada's National Day for Truth and Reconciliation to resemble Remembrance Day. Beals told senators that the day should include a moment of silence to remember the past and feature events in communities across the country to celebrate Indigenous Peoples' contributions to Canada. 'I'm doing it for the children': Indigenous woman walks across Canada to raise awareness about residential schools An Indigenous woman is walking across Canada on a journey to spread awareness about residential schools. 'An ongoing conversation': Trudeau on the Crown's reconciliation efforts with Indigenous people Following the death of Queen Elizabeth II, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says the Crown's reconciliation efforts toward Indigenous people in Canada – and in other countries around the world – will be an 'ongoing conversation' with King Charles III. 'The bond is broken': Data shows Indigenous kids overrepresented in foster care New census data suggests Indigenous children continue to be overrepresented in the child welfare system. Statistics Canada released data from the 2021 census showing Indigenous children accounted for 53.8 per cent of all children in foster care. Indigenous spiritual adviser and poet comments on Monarchy's legacy ahead of tribute to Queen As an Algonquin spiritual adviser, Albert Dumont is familiar with thinking deeply about what a person's passing means — but as he prepares to deliver a tribute to Queen Elizabeth at the memorial in Ottawa on Monday, he is reflecting on more complicated emotions than usual. CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. BREAKING BREAKING | Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Canada Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks BREAKING BREAKING | Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast Social media tools were key to 'Freedom Convoy' protest, expert tells inquiry World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Hawaii volcano eruption has some on alert, draws onlookers Biden, Macron ready to talk Ukraine, trade in state visit U.S. dismisses China objections to South China Sea mission Report: Many female Israeli conscripts suffer sexual abuse Politics Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period LIVE LIVE | Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Friendships aren't just about those you sit with on the school bus or play alongside on your childhood baseball team — they are a core component of the human experience, experts say. But making and retaining deep, meaningful friendships as an adult is hard, especially for men, according to research. Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season For most people, the holiday season is a time for giving. But for fraudsters and scammers, it's a time for taking. Gap year popularity rises with students, COVID-19 lockdowns and costs factors With the 2023 post-secondary education application deadlines approaching, many students across Canada are looking for alternatives to university and college, leaving parents anxious taking a ‘gap year’ could mean they never return to school. Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Royal Bank of Canada has agreed to pay $13.5-billion in cash for HSBC Bank Canada in what is the largest domestic banking deal on record. Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Agriculture commodity groups are applauding the Liberal government's long-awaited Indo-Pacific strategy, announced Sunday in Vancouver, and hoping it will lead to more, and better, free trade deals with countries like India. Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Canada saw stronger than expected economic growth in the third quarter, but economists warn the underlying numbers don't paint such a positive picture. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
