https://edmonton.ctvnews.ca/smith-tables-controversial-sovereignty-act-which-is-likely-to-survive-in-court-1.6173666
Sovereignty bill kicks off new Alberta legislative session | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Edmonton Close EDMONTON Search Search CTV Edmonton Close News Latest News Everything Edmonton COVID-19 in Alberta CTV News Red Deer Northern Alberta Alberta Legislature City Hall Weather Traffic Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 Alberta Primetime About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us News Links Social Facebook Twitter Instagram TikTok Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Government documents say it's not certain the legislation will survive a court challenge but it's "likely" that it will. "A long and painful history of mistreatment and constitutional overreach from Ottawa has for decades caused tremendous frustration for Albertans," Smith told reporters. "In response, we're finally telling the federal government: 'No more.' It's time to stand up for Alberta." Smith promised a "sovereignty act" during her run for United Conservative Party leader. She won that race on Oct. 6 with roughly 54 per cent of votes on the sixth ballot. She was sworn in as premier Oct. 11. During a televised address last week, Smith revealed that the "within a United Canada" part had been added. Meant to be a "constitutional shield to protect Albertans from federal overreach," the act is supposed to defend property rights, natural resources, agriculture, firearms, economic regulation, healthcare delivery, education and social programs, according to the government. Alberta not proceeding with Premier Smith's bill to protect COVID-19 unvaccinated Alberta legislature to resume sitting Tuesday: Here's what you need to know "It's intended to be fully democratic and transparent. Each proposed use of the act will require a special motion to be passed in the legislative assembly, which will be subject to open discussion, examination and review," Smith said. The premier said the federal government can take Alberta to court if it doesn't like the UCP government's sovereignty positions, rather than the province having to initiate legal action. HOW WOULD IT WORK? The details of the proposed bill, and thus the effect it could have on Alberta and Canada, have been speculated on for weeks. The province released a fact sheet Tuesday providing an initial outline on how it would work. If passed, the act would allow any cabinet minister, including the premier, to identify federal initiatives and legislation that are deemed unconstitutional or "harmful to Albertans" and introduce a motion in the legislature to invoke it. Those motions could also include suggestions for how to fight back against Ottawa's initiatives. MLAs would then debate and vote on the resolution in the legislature. A majority approval would be needed and government MLAs, the premier says, would be free to vote according to their conscience. If a motion passes, cabinet ministers would then be authorized to ignore or "push back" against federal policies and direct provincial entities like health authorities, school boards, municipalities or local police to not enforce them. The government says Alberta will continue to respect court rulings, something that was not clear when Smith initially proposed a sovereignty act. "Nothing in this bill involves separation, nor does it provide a means to accomplish such ends. Rather it is a way for this great province to hold the federal government accountable to the constitutional principles that serve as the very foundation of our country's governance," Smith said. OPPOSITION TO THE ACT Smith's sovereignty act idea was immediately controversial in Alberta, including within the government caucus. Several government MLAs spoke out against the act during the UCP leadership race and former leader and premier Jason Kenney called it "cockamamie" and "the Alberta suicide act" during his final days in office. Kenney and others were concerned that the act would scare off business and jobs by making Alberta an unstable market to invest in. But Smith's government argues that won't happen and that federal "intrusion" in Alberta has caused "hundreds of billions of dollars to flee Alberta" over the past decade, however no accounting of that was provided. Kenney resigned as MLA for Calgary-Lougheed on Tuesday. The bill has also been called "dangerous and damaging" by Chiefs from Treaty 6, 7 and 8, who vowed to fight the act during a joint press conference on Nov.18. Alberta treaty chiefs unite against United Conservatives' proposed sovereignty act Alberta sovereignty act, protection for the unvaccinated part of Shandro's mandate “We take offence to Danielle Smith's forthcoming sovereignty act and outright reject it,” said Arthur Noskey, Grand Chief of Treaty 8, who added there had been no consultation with First Nations leaders. Noskey renewed his objections in a Tuesday news release. "The Alberta Sovereignty Within a United Canada Act is just another unlawful attempt to continue the province’s deliberate abuse and exploitation of our peoples, lands, territories, and resources," the Grand Chief stated. Smith has since promised to meet with the Chiefs in person to assure them that the act will not impact their treaty rights. The Opposition NDP voted against Smith's sovereignty bill, in part out of concern that the act would give cabinet "new powers to unilaterally bypass the democratic will of the legislature" by amending laws after an initial motion has passed. Smith denies this is what the legislation intends. “Danielle Smith was elected by one per cent of the Alberta voters and now she wants to give herself dictatorial powers,” said deputy leader Sarah Hoffman. “Danielle Smith and the UCP are focused on creating more chaos, costs and conflict with her sovereignty act.” WHAT TRUDEAU, MINISTERS ARE SAYING ABOUT IT Asked about the incoming act on his way into question period on Tuesday, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said he's "just going to stay focused on the things that matter to Albertans." "Whether it's affordability, whether it's creating jobs, whether it's working constructively to fight climate change and grow a better future. That's what Albertans are focused on. That's what I'm going to stay focused on," the prime minister said. Intergovernmental Affairs Minister Dominic LeBlanc said he'd wait until he'd read the legislation before commenting but that once it was tabled he'd "obviously look carefully," because some of what was floated around the bill during the leadership race "may or may not involve federal jurisdiction." "We’re not running around looking for fire alarms and looking for squabbles and hassles. As I say, we have on a number of fronts a positive relationship with the government of Alberta. The Alberta Legislature has sovereign constitutional jurisdiction within their own division of powers, so if they propose to legislate things that are properly within the jurisdiction of the Alberta legislature, the people of Alberta and the members of that legislature are responsible for those decisions," LeBlanc said. "We’ll do the same thing in the Parliament of Canada, but we’re not going to get distracted from working on positive things with all the provincial governments, and they can decide what legislation they want to table in their legislatures at whatever time they want." Federal Liberal cabinet minister from Alberta concerned with proposed sovereignty act Alberta lieutenant-governor says not a done deal she'll OK proposed sovereignty act Alberta-based Minister of Tourism and Associate Finance Minister Randy Boissonnault told reporters that while he too wants to read the bill for himself, he's "deeply concerned by what is the government of Alberta’s attack on Canadian unity." Describing Alberta's move as trying to "cherry pick" which laws apply to them, Boissonnault said Albertans are "not talking to me about sovereignty." "They were talking to me about jobs, about indexing the benefits that they get. They were talking about the prime minister’s good performance at the inquiries, and quite frankly, they were talking about him being on Drag Race Canada… So [the] sovereignty act is not on the minds of Albertans," he said. With files from CTV News' Rachel Aiello and The Canadian Press Edmonton Top Stories Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Fresh supply of welders on the way to fill Alberta industry demand Edmonton to host biggest snowboarding event in Canada 40-year-old man's death in Fort McMurray under investigation Death of man in High Prairie was 'targeted': police Edmonton activates extreme weather response to protect the vulnerable as cold sets in CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Calgary police are investigating after a man was shot in the city’s southeast on Tuesday. Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon city council landed on a 3.93 per cent property tax hike for 2023. Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns Mandy Thibodeau is worried about the safety of her employees at the Subway on 22nd Street and 2nd Avenue in downtown Saskatoon. City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA The Saskatoon SPCA wants the city to cover the costs an animal faces when going from pound to shelter. Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Business operations are winding down at Saskatchewan government liquor stores as the remaining 34 locations will close their doors in the new year. Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Saskatchewan is forecasting a $1.1 billion surplus for 2022-23 in its mid-year financial report released on Tuesday. Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Regina city councillor Dan LeBlanc showed up to the Court at King's Bench Tuesday morning to set a date to make his case against the city's manager. Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' The mother of a man found dead last week in Moncton, N.B. is calling for change after what she calls a series of systemic failures led to his body being found in a cold public washroom. Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes A powerful weather front associated with a low centred in northern Quebec will sweep across the Maritimes Wednesday night into Thursday. $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman The Nova Scotia government is offering up to $150,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the disappearance of Devon Sinclair Marsman. Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Two people are in critical condition following a shooting in Scarborough Tuesday evening. Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Complaints of trash illegally dumped on Toronto streets have doubled as city enforcement has plummeted -- a recipe, some residents say, for smelly and unsightly garbage to litter neighbourhoods. Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 The City of Montreal announced an average tax rate increase of 4.1 per cent for residential properties in the city centre on Tuesday. It will be the highest tax increase since 2010. Residential property taxes collected by the city centre will go up an average of 4.1 per cent in 2023. Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Concerned about the decline of French in Quebec, particularly in Montreal, Premier François Legault says he will release more details of a plan that would require 100 per cent of economic immigrants to be French-speaking. Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal A 64-year-old man has died after his helicopter crashed in a field in Lefebvre, Que. Tuesday afternoon. Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct An Ottawa woman is accusing a well-known lawyer of sexual misconduct, saying he offered her legal services in exchange for sexual favours. Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash A teenager who followed his dream to play U.S. college basketball is now faced with a life-changing event, after a car crash in Nebraska left him paralyzed. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Region of Waterloo staff say sweeping new provincial housing legislation will cost the region and its seven municipalities an estimated $530 million over the next 10 years, and taxpayers could be on the hook to make up the difference. Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified A victim has been identified after a multi-day investigation in Brant County that began as a suspicious death before being ruled a homicide. Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home St. James Catholic High School construction teacher, Jerry Della Savia, says he thought it was the perfect opportunity to take skills learned during class and have students apply them in a valuable way in the community. Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV A Sudbury family is sharing their story after their son spent a week in the hospital with respiratory syncytial virus. Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting A large female coyote has been captured on video patrolling a street in the Greater Sudbury area and here is what you should know. Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Three years ago, during a moment of suffering from post-traumatic stress, Dre crashed her car into some trees on Municipal Road between Timmins and Iroquois Falls. Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity A local business owner is being hailed as a quiet philanthropist after donating a gift to the Winnipeg Foundation valued at about $500 million, the largest individual gift ever made to a Canadian charity. Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines Some Winnipeggers are undeterred by the possibility of fines for shovelling bike lanes. 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head The Manitoba Underdogs Rescue is calling on the public for help to save a dog that was found with severe injuries to his head and face. Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP Surrey's new mayor and council have taken the next step in their plan to scrap the Surrey Police Service and maintain the RCMP as the city's police force. How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? B.C. volunteers who dismantled what they're calling "tire island" – sending more than 2,000 of the parts to be recycled – are trying to figure out how the tires got there, and why they seem to have been left there for decades. Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found After Jodine Millar's vehicle was found in an Abbotsford ditch – without her in it —Mounties say they are increasingly concerned for the missing woman's safety. Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather BC Ferries has cancelled eight sailings between Vancouver and Victoria on Tuesday due to "adverse weather." The cancelled sailings come as much of coastal B.C. endures a winter storm. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow A semi-truck got stuck on the Malahat highway on Tuesday afternoon amid heavy snowfall in the region. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
