https://northernontario.ctvnews.ca/incompetent-murder-investigation-destroyed-her-life-sudbury-woman-says-in-8m-lawsuit-1.6166829
Sudbury news: ‘Incompetent’ murder investigation destroyed her life, woman says in $8M lawsuit | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Northern Ontario Close NORTHERN ONTARIO Search Search CTV Northern Ontario Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Northern Mining News CTV Lions Telethon Northern Works Around the Region North Bay News Sault Ste. Marie News Sudbury News Timmins News Video Latest All Video CTV Lions Telethon CTV News Live Online Exclusive Video Help Northern Ontario Features Ask An Expert CAA Tip of the Month Explore the North Fields to Forks Gardening Great Places to See Northern Artists Perform Northern Works Pet Care Shows News Programs CTV news at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Instagram Twitter Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg 'Incompetent' murder investigation destroyed her life, Sudbury woman says in $8M lawsuit Northern Ontario 'Incompetent' murder investigation destroyed her life, Sudbury woman says in $8M lawsuit Melissa Sheridan says she went from a respected Sudbury businesswoman to social pariah after she was charged in 2020 with murdering her ex-husband, Brant Burke. Sheridan has filed a lawsuit against the Ontario Provincial Police, Wikwemikong Tribal Police, the Ontario government and others for $8 million for charging her with the murder of her ex-husband. None of the allegations in the statement of claim have been proven in court. In the suit, lawyers for Sheridan accuse police of goading Brant’s brother, Kerry Burke, into implicating Sheridan as the prime instigator of the murder. Brant’s body was discovered Oct. 25, 2020, on a hunting trail in Wikwemikong First Nation. He had been missing since Oct. 19. An investigation by the OPP and Wikwemikong police led to Kerry as the prime suspect. It eventually emerged that Kerry shot his brother twice in the back and left him in the bush. He was arrested Nov. 24 and was interrogated by police for about four hours, ending at 1:30 a.m. Nov. 25. According to Sheridan’s lawsuit, police pressured Kerry to name Sheridan as an accomplice. “The defendants intentionally pressured and coerced Kerry to falsely implicate Melissa in Brant’s murder,” the suit said. “The defendants knew, or ought to have known, that Kerry was exhausted, inebriated, and that he lacked capacity to provide reliable statements. The defendants took advantage of Kerry’s weakened condition and overbore his will.” The suit said police used an interrogation technique designed to encourage suspects to implicate others as the main culprit and minimize their own role in the crime. One officer told Kerry at one point that if not for Sheridan, there was “no doubt in my mind you wouldn’t have killed your brother.” Despite repeatedly asking to speak to a lawyer –33 times -- the lawsuit said police ignored the requests and kept pressuring Kerry to implicate Sheridan. When he finally did implicate Sheridan, the suit said police ought to have known the information he gave was fabricated. For example, he said he had “a couple of phone conversations with Melissa, he claimed to have lost his flip phone, and that his cellphone had caught fire while he was swiping it and just exploded.” The suit accuses police of encouraging Kerry to make up more details of Sheridan’s involvement and even helping him cover up inconsistencies in his story. “In short, throughout the four-hour interrogation, these defendants collectively actively encouraged Kerry to implicate Melissa to help himself,” the suit said. “They also helped him fix inconsistencies and fill in gaps in the narrative to make it appear more convincing. Any experienced detective would have known, and these defendants knew or reasonably should have known, that Kerry was not telling the truth.” SUDDENLY DROPPED THE CHARGES Sheridan was arrested Nov. 25, 2020, and was held in jail for six weeks. She was still under a cloud, however, until July of this year when the Crown suddenly dropped the charges, citing Kerry’s evidence as unreliable. The effect was to traumatize her, her children and the rest of her family for two years, the suit said, with social media in particular a venue for people to attack her and her family. “As a result, Melissa became an outcast in the community in which she had previously enjoyed a sterling reputation,” the suit said. “Melissa Sheridan sustained serious and permanent injuries, losses and damages including depression, anxiety, physical and emotional trauma, loss of reputation, stigma, and a past, present, and future loss of income and a loss of competitive advantage.” Police actions were not just incompetent, the suit said, but “flagrantly” violated standards of conduct. “The plaintiffs state that the conduct of the defendants was unconscionable, wanton, shocking to the conscience, in flagrant breach of their obligations to act in the public interest, and in reckless disregard of the rights of Ms. Sheridan,” the suit said. It seeks $2 million in general damages, $2 million special damages, $2 million in aggravated, punitive and exemplary damages and $2 million under the Family Law Act. Defendants include the OPP, Wikwemikong police, specific police officers, the Wikwemikong police services board, OPP Commissioner Thomas Carrique and Kerry Burke. Top Stories 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Springer Aerospace near the Sault enters CCAA, but says no danger it will shut down New technology could reduce number of false alarms in Sudbury Sudbury police catch ‘Grinch’ stealing outdoor Christmas decorations LU president was determined to push university into insolvency, unsealed documents show Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Barrie 'I almost died,' Orillia man's road to recovery 'a nightmare' after contracting Legionella The Legionnaires' outbreak in Orillia may be over, but one local man says his road to recovery after contracting the disease has been a "nightmare." Landmark demolished to make way for future developments Demolition is underway on the Atherley Arms building along Highway 12 to make way for future development. Enrollment surges at new Simcoe County elementary school A new elementary school in Alliston is welcoming hundreds of students to the community. Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Two people are in critical condition following a shooting in Scarborough Tuesday evening. Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Complaints of trash illegally dumped on Toronto streets have doubled as city enforcement has plummeted -- a recipe, some residents say, for smelly and unsightly garbage to litter neighbourhoods. Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct An Ottawa woman is accusing a well-known lawyer of sexual misconduct, saying he offered her legal services in exchange for sexual favours. Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash A teenager who followed his dream to play U.S. college basketball is now faced with a life-changing event, after a car crash in Nebraska left him paralyzed. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Region of Waterloo staff say sweeping new provincial housing legislation will cost the region and its seven municipalities an estimated $530 million over the next 10 years, and taxpayers could be on the hook to make up the difference. Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified A victim has been identified after a multi-day investigation in Brant County that began as a suspicious death before being ruled a homicide. Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home St. James Catholic High School construction teacher, Jerry Della Savia, says he thought it was the perfect opportunity to take skills learned during class and have students apply them in a valuable way in the community. London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Members of the London Police Service continue to investigate after a three-vehicle crash in south London sent two people to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries Tuesday night. Wellington Road between Commissioners Road East and Southdale Road East has since been reopened. Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Following a vote from the Thames Valley District School Board, a motion to move forward with name changes for Sir John A. Macdonald Public School and F.D. Roosevelt Public School passed on Tuesday night. Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect London, Ont.’s Western University will be dropping its COVID-19 vaccination policy, the university announced Tuesday afternoon. Windsor 'Armed and dangerous' suspect identified after fatal Windsor shooting Windsor police have identified a suspect related to a fatal shooting on Hanna Street. 'It just doesn’t seem real at this point': Shooting victim's mother speaks out A mother is reeling after her 26-year-old son was shot and killed in South Walkerville Monday afternoon. 1616 Ouellette landlord provides displaced tenants with financial assistance as temporary shelter closes Monday The City of Windsor is asking local landlords with affordable units to reach out as the temporary emergency shelter housing the displaced residents of a downtown apartment building will be closed as of Monday. Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 The City of Montreal announced an average tax rate increase of 4.1 per cent for residential properties in the city centre on Tuesday. It will be the highest tax increase since 2010. Residential property taxes collected by the city centre will go up an average of 4.1 per cent in 2023. Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Concerned about the decline of French in Quebec, particularly in Montreal, Premier François Legault says he will release more details of a plan that would require 100 per cent of economic immigrants to be French-speaking. Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal A 64-year-old man has died after his helicopter crashed in a field in Lefebvre, Que. Tuesday afternoon. Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' The mother of a man found dead last week in Moncton, N.B. is calling for change after what she calls a series of systemic failures led to his body being found in a cold public washroom. Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes A powerful weather front associated with a low centred in northern Quebec will sweep across the Maritimes Wednesday night into Thursday. $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman The Nova Scotia government is offering up to $150,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the disappearance of Devon Sinclair Marsman. Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity A local business owner is being hailed as a quiet philanthropist after donating a gift to the Winnipeg Foundation valued at about $500 million, the largest individual gift ever made to a Canadian charity. Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines Some Winnipeggers are undeterred by the possibility of fines for shovelling bike lanes. 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head The Manitoba Underdogs Rescue is calling on the public for help to save a dog that was found with severe injuries to his head and face. Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Calgary police are investigating after a man was shot in the city’s southeast on Tuesday. Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Thousands asked for it while he was leader and now Jason Kenney has done it, announcing his resignation as a member of the Alberta legislature on social media Tuesday. Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency At least two earthquakes were reported in northern Alberta Tuesday evening, with some saying the shakes were felt in Edmonton. Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP Surrey's new mayor and council have taken the next step in their plan to scrap the Surrey Police Service and maintain the RCMP as the city's police force. How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? B.C. volunteers who dismantled what they're calling "tire island" – sending more than 2,000 of the parts to be recycled – are trying to figure out how the tires got there, and why they seem to have been left there for decades. Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found After Jodine Millar's vehicle was found in an Abbotsford ditch – without her in it —Mounties say they are increasingly concerned for the missing woman's safety. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
