https://www.ctvnews.ca/business/suncor-to-keep-petro-canada-retail-business-after-comprehensive-review-of-business-1.6172753
Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business Business Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business A Petro-Canada gas station in Ottawa, on March 30, 2021. (Adrian Wyld / THE CANADIAN PRESS) Suncor Energy Inc. says it has decided to keep its Petro-Canada retail business, the company announced Tuesday, after a comprehensive review concluded Suncor was unlikely to receive the price it wanted for the chain. Suncor undertook a review of Petro-Canada after reaching a deal earlier this year with activist investor Elliott Investment Management LP, which had expressed frustration with the company's performance. At the company's investor day in Toronto on Tuesday, interim CEO Kris Smith -- who assumed leadership of the company following former CEO Mark Little's resignation in July -- said part of that review included inviting 17 different parties to submit expressions of interest in a possible purchase of the chain. Smith said only a third of those approached were interested, and none were willing to pay what Suncor believes the chain is worth. (The company pegs Petro-Canada's net value at between $3.8 billion and $5.7 billion.) "Upon review of the submitted proposals, it was clear that a premium valuation ... was not realistic," Smith said. "Despite the strength and attractiveness of our retail business, there's limited appetite for an all-cash purchase at what we would consider a significant market premium." Smith said as part of its review, Suncor also sought the opinions of investors, whose views on the benefits of retaining the retail network generally aligned with the feelings of management and the board. "And that is that the Suncor retail business is a unique business with significant scale and an advantaged network," Smith said. "It is supported by broad consumer appeal and a market-leading brand." Petro-Canada is currently the leading fuel brand in Canada with 18 per cent market share, and 1,600 locations in Canada. Smith said Suncor has concluded that rather than selling the chain off, the company's best move is to "retain and maximize" it through expanding strategic partnerships in non-fuel related businesses such as quick service restaurants, convenience stores, loyalty partnerships and electric vehicle charging networks. Suncor believes that by working to improve its retail offering, it can boost earnings from its retail segment by 40 per cent by 2027, Smith said. The decision to keep the retail business came as Suncor announced its production outlook and capital program for 2023. Capital expenditures in 2023 are forecast to be between $5.4 billion and $5.8 billion. The company says it expects total production next year is expected to be between 740,000 and 770,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Refinery throughput for 2023 is expected to be 430,000 to 445,000 barrels per day with refinery utilization between 92 and 96 per cent. Refined product sales are expected to be between 550,000 and 580,000 barrels per day. Phil Skolnick, an analyst with Eight Capital, said the 2023 guidance reflects rising capital expenditures as well as production estimates that came in below analysts' expectations. He said he views Suncor's latest guidance as a negative that will likely weigh on the company's share price going forward. "We maintain our sell rating," Skolnick said in a note. On Tuesday, Suncor also updated investors on what it is doing to improve safety at its oilsands operations in light of a recent string of fatalities at work sites. These efforts include reducing the size of its contractor work force by 20 per cent and increasing the number of supervisors, installing collision prevention and fatigue management technology across all of its mine sites by the end of 2023, and linking safety performance more closely with compensation. "We know we have to do better. I'm confident we can achieve best-in-class safety throughout our entire company," Smith said. This report by The Canadian Press was first published Nov. 29, 2022. MORE Business News Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history Qatar to supply liquefied natural gas to Germany from 2026 Competitors chip away at Tesla's U.S. electric vehicle share Canadian home prices expected to fall 3.3 per cent in 2023: Re/Max report 75 per cent of U.S. owners of Cdn. rec properties bought after foreign buyer ban: survey YOUR FINANCES Gap year popularity rises with students, COVID-19 lockdowns and costs factors With the 2023 post-secondary education application deadlines approaching, many students across Canada are looking for alternatives to university and college, leaving parents anxious taking a ‘gap year’ could mean they never return to school. opinion opinion | 6 tips to achieve financial independence in Canada Wouldn't it be nice to never have to work again? While this may sound like a dream to many, it is entirely possible. CTVNews.ca personal finance contributor Christopher Liew shares a handful of helpful tips on how to potentially achieve financial independence. Some recent homebuyers will find rate hikes painful as mortgages go up: BoC Recent homebuyers with variable-rate mortgages will find the adjustment to higher interest rates more painful, said Bank of Canada senior deputy governor Carolyn Rogers. Tips for a first-time car buyer with a stretched budget Buying your first car can be as exciting as it is daunting. Whether you’re buying a car off the lot from a dealership or purchasing a car in a private sale, contributor Christopher Liew shares in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca a few basic tips that you should always keep in mind. 'Last year's storm was just the beginning': Food banks have record-breaking visits in 2022 In March 2022 alone, food banks across Canada had 1.5 million visits, a 15 per cent increase from the year prior and the highest recorded usage on record. opinion opinion | Should you cancel an old credit card that you don't use anymore? Many Canadians have one or two old credit cards that they no longer use. Before you jump to close your old, unused credit card, CTVNews.ca contributor Christopher Liew outlines some of the pros and cons of closing a credit card account, so you can make the most informed decision. A quarter of Canadians have stockpiled food in the last month as grocery prices climb: Nanos survey Canadians are buying less expensive food, stockpiling food and even eating less to cope with food prices as inflation soars, according to a new survey. What do senior citizens need to do to age in place? Most Canadian seniors would prefer to stay in their homes for as long as possible, what is referred to as aging in place, rather than in an assisted living facility, according to recent studies that have come out this year. Personal finance contributor Christopher Liew shares some practical tips on how to age in place, so you can continue living life on your terms. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
