https://www.ctvnews.ca/business/tips-for-a-first-time-car-buyer-with-a-stretched-budget-1.6158767
Tips for buying your first car on a budget | CTV News Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Tips for a first-time car buyer with a stretched budget Business Tips for a first-time car buyer with a stretched budget Buying your first car can be as exciting as it is daunting. Although the freedom that a vehicle affords you is invaluable, it’s not a purchase that you should take lightly. Used and new auto prices are still high throughout Canada, according to reports from CTV News and AutoTrader.ca. This means that you’ll need to look a bit harder to find a good deal. If you know what to look for, deals can still be found. However, if you’re uninformed, you can just as easily get ripped off. Whether you’re buying a car off the lot from a dealership or purchasing a car in a private sale, there are a few basic tips that you should always keep in mind: The salesperson isn’t your friend (don’t be afraid to negotiate!) Always get input from a mechanic before handing over cash Don’t buy on impulse Don’t get trapped in an unfavourable loan Below, I’ll go over these key points and share some other practical tips for first-time car buyers on a budget so that you can find the best deal. 1. Research price ranges for the vehicle you want If you’re shopping for your first car, you likely already have a few different vehicles in mind. Before you visit the dealership or look at local private sales, I recommend visiting Kelley Blue Book’s website to do some initial price research. Simply enter the car’s year, make, and model, and the website will show you the average price range that you should expect to pay for it. This is great information to have while you’re shopping, as it will help you determine whether or not you’re getting a good deal. 2. Look for minor imperfections in the vehicle One of the best ways to convince a seller or auto salesperson to come down on the price of a vehicle is to point out small imperfections. Look for imperfections, such as: Paint chips Minor dents or dings Scratches Peeling clear coat Scrapes on the wheels None of these affect the overall performance of the car, but they’re a useful negotiation tool that can convince the seller to reduce the price a bit. 3. Shop towards the end of the year (closeout sales) Have you ever realized how dealerships run the best sales during the holidays? That’s because major dealerships are trying to liquidate the previous year’s inventory to make room for the latest models arriving in January. If you plan on buying a new or certified pre-owned vehicle from a dealership, the holidays are the best time to shop. Private sellers may also come down on their prices, as they might be looking for quick cash so they can buy gifts for their friends and family. 4. Don’t be afraid to negotiate the price Remember - salespeople are not your friends and family. Don’t let their golden smiles and friendly compliments sway you into buying a car that you wouldn’t purchase otherwise. The best way to save money on your first car is to negotiate the price down. This works better with private sellers than at dealerships. However, most dealers are also willing to negotiate (although you may have to speak directly to a sales manager to get the deal). 5. Ask for service records and car history reports Saving money upfront doesn’t mean much if the vehicle breaks down on you a few months later. That’s why you should always ask the seller or dealership for the car’s service records. In particular, you’ll want to ensure that the oil was changed regularly. This can also show you whether or not the vehicle has had major work performed on the engine block, transmission, or cooling system. Recent work is usually a good sign, as it shows that major issues were taken care of, so you don’t have to worry about them. A car will also have a history of any accidents that it has been in that have had any insurance claims, so see if the owner of the vehicle has access to those records. If they don’t have one, you can buy a report from a third-party provider. If the vehicle has been in an accident, this can be a good negotiation tool for you to bring the price down. 6. Inspect and drive the car with a mechanic Even if the car is sold with impeccable service records, you should still get a mechanic’s input. If you have a friend or family member who’s a mechanic, ask them to come along with you to the car lot to do a brief once-over and accompany you on the test drive. The mechanic’s trained eyes and ears should be able to identify any major issues before you hand over your money. Many shops are also willing to perform a pre-purchase vehicle inspection for a small fee as well. 7. Negotiate your interest rates Dealerships often entice first-time buyers by offering them deals and clever perks, such as: No payments for 60 days Extremely low or no down payments Free oil changes for a year Free satellite radio for a year If you’re only focused on the upsides of the deal, it can be easy to overlook the fact that your interest rate may not be the best. Interest rates can mean the difference between thousands of dollars over the course of your loan. Not everyone knows that it is something that you can negotiate with a dealership, so try your best to haggle it down. If you want to find the best deal on your first car, I recommend shopping around a bit. Don’t buy a car on an impulse or let a salesperson pressure you into buying on the spot. Look at multiple options, weigh the pros and cons of each, and make an informed decision based on your budget and needs. Christopher Liew is a CFA Charterholder and former financial advisor. He writes personal finance tips for thousands of daily Canadian readers on his Wealth Awesome website. Do you have a question, tip or story idea about personal finance? Please email us at dotcom@bellmedia.ca. MORE Business News Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history Qatar to supply liquefied natural gas to Germany from 2026 Competitors chip away at Tesla's U.S. electric vehicle share Canadian home prices expected to fall 3.3 per cent in 2023: Re/Max report 75 per cent of U.S. owners of Cdn. rec properties bought after foreign buyer ban: survey YOUR FINANCES Gap year popularity rises with students, COVID-19 lockdowns and costs factors With the 2023 post-secondary education application deadlines approaching, many students across Canada are looking for alternatives to university and college, leaving parents anxious taking a ‘gap year’ could mean they never return to school. opinion opinion | 6 tips to achieve financial independence in Canada Wouldn't it be nice to never have to work again? While this may sound like a dream to many, it is entirely possible. CTVNews.ca personal finance contributor Christopher Liew shares a handful of helpful tips on how to potentially achieve financial independence. Some recent homebuyers will find rate hikes painful as mortgages go up: BoC Recent homebuyers with variable-rate mortgages will find the adjustment to higher interest rates more painful, said Bank of Canada senior deputy governor Carolyn Rogers. Tips for a first-time car buyer with a stretched budget Buying your first car can be as exciting as it is daunting. Whether you’re buying a car off the lot from a dealership or purchasing a car in a private sale, contributor Christopher Liew shares in an exclusive column for CTVNews.ca a few basic tips that you should always keep in mind. 'Last year's storm was just the beginning': Food banks have record-breaking visits in 2022 In March 2022 alone, food banks across Canada had 1.5 million visits, a 15 per cent increase from the year prior and the highest recorded usage on record. opinion opinion | Should you cancel an old credit card that you don't use anymore? Many Canadians have one or two old credit cards that they no longer use. Before you jump to close your old, unused credit card, CTVNews.ca contributor Christopher Liew outlines some of the pros and cons of closing a credit card account, so you can make the most informed decision. A quarter of Canadians have stockpiled food in the last month as grocery prices climb: Nanos survey Canadians are buying less expensive food, stockpiling food and even eating less to cope with food prices as inflation soars, according to a new survey. What do senior citizens need to do to age in place? Most Canadian seniors would prefer to stay in their homes for as long as possible, what is referred to as aging in place, rather than in an assisted living facility, according to recent studies that have come out this year. Personal finance contributor Christopher Liew shares some practical tips on how to age in place, so you can continue living life on your terms. Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
