https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/
Toronto News | Breaking News | CTV News Toronto Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Toronto Close TORONTO Search Search CTV Toronto Close News Latest News All News CTV News Investigates Weather Queen's Park Consumer Alert Traffic Toy Mountain Gas Prices Video Latest All Video Consumer Alert Health CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Toronto News | Breaking News | CTV News Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Two people are in critical condition following a shooting in Scarborough Tuesday evening. Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Complaints of trash illegally dumped on Toronto streets have doubled as city enforcement has plummeted -- a recipe, some residents say, for smelly and unsightly garbage to litter neighbourhoods. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Ontario boy bursts into tears after parents surprise him with first Raptors game An Ontario boy burst into tears when his parents surprised him with his first tickets to a Toronto Raptors game on Saturday night. Toronto Humane Society 'heartbroken' after rescue van stolen Toronto Humane Society (THS) staff say they are 'heartbroken' after a van critical to their work was stolen. Investigation into Toronto radio show concludes three months after longtime host John Derringer leaves An investigation into work environment complaints at Q107's 'Derringer in the Morning' has concluded three months after longtime radio host John Derringer left his position. Removal of five historic trees on Osgoode Hall grounds postponed The trees, believed to be hundreds of years old, were slated to be cut down on Dec. 5 to make way for an archeological assessment of the site before construction begins on the Ontario Line. More than 100,000 Ford F-150 trucks in Canada involved in wiper motor recall While Ford is in the midst of a massive recall involving windshield wipers, an Ontario man said he has been trying for more than two months to get his wiper motor repaired on his Ford F-150 pickup truck. 70-year-old man arrested in fatal Mississauga hit-and-run A man has been arrested in connection with a hit-and-run in Mississauga last month that left a 19-year-old woman dead. This is how much the average price of a GTA home is expected to drop next year The average price of a house is forecasted to drop in the Greater Toronto Area (GTA) next year. Ontario hospital looks to donors for help as province asks for pediatric capacity increase An Ontario hospital says it is looking to donors for help as the government asks them to boost their pediatric capacity to 150 per cent but stops short of offering provincial funding for the expansion. Ontario's winter forecast is out. Here's what to expect for the season While Ontario is currently experiencing a brief reprieve from the cold temperatures of last week, winter-like conditions are soon forecast to return. Ornge sees rise in child patient transfers as pediatric hospitals under pressure Ontario's air ambulance service says it's seeing an increase in the number of children it transports, with a higher number of those transfers due to respiratory illnesses. Top Videos Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 CTV News Toronto at Six for Tuesday, November 29, 2022 'This school is not safe': Violence at Toronto high school Thieves taking advantage of early nights in GTA Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Ford recalls trucks over malfunctioning wipers Weather: Wind gust warning in southern Ont. Consumer Alert More than 100,000 Ford F-150 trucks in Canada involved in wiper motor recall While Ford is in the midst of a massive recall involving windshield wipers, an Ontario man said he has been trying for more than two months to get his wiper motor repaired on his Ford F-150 pickup truck. Online bargains for Cyber Monday can still be found. Here's where to look Cyber Monday is the busiest online shopping day for Canadians — and some of Monday's deals are still available. Ontario man warns people to check bank statements after error nearly costs him $10K An Ontario man who lost more than $10,000 after a cheque he wrote was cashed twice said he was pushed to the 'end of his rope' trying to fight TD Bank to get the money back. November overtakes December as Canada's busiest shopping month November has overtaken December as the busiest shopping month for Canadian consumers, according to the Retail Council of Canada (RCC). It's 'Make A Will' month: Here's how to craft one online for under $100 November is 'Make a Will Month,' and Ontarians can now opt to craft a will online for under $100 with a new option recently approved by the Law Society of Ontario. Ontario woman buys electronic rust control device, but her car still rusts When the highways turn slippery in many parts of Canada road crews add salt, sand and brine to help drivers get added traction. Ontario man claims he had to buy additional options if he wanted new car A Toronto man said he has been trying to buy a 2023 Hyundai Elantra Hybrid for the past month, but there is such a shortage of cars he could have to wait as long as a year if he orders one. Toronto Pearson releases important information for travellers ahead of 'very busy' holiday season Anyone who is jetting away for the holidays is advised to give themselves extra time and arrive early at the airport. Here's what else you need to know when travelling this season. Queen's Park Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. Ontario Green Party asks integrity commissioner to investigate Greenbelt development The Ontario Green Party has asked the integrity commissioner to investigate whether the premier or housing minister tipped off developers about their plans to open up the Greenbelt. Ontario spent $3.5B less than planned in first half of 2022-23. Here's what that means The Ontario government has spent $3.5 billion less than expected in the first half of 2022-23, according to the province’s financial watchdog. Crime & Courts What we know so far about accused murderer Joseph George Sutherland Nearly 40 years after Joseph George Sutherland allegedly killed two women in Toronto, the now 61-year-old has been arrested. Arrest made in gruesome 1983 murders of 2 Toronto women A 61-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the gruesome murders of two Toronto women nearly 40 years ago. The suspect, who was living in Moosonee, Ont., was taken into custody on Thursday and brought back to Toronto. Video captures police shooting in Markham that left one person dead, another injured Police have shot two men suspected in a string of Markham, Ont. home invasions Friday morning, killing one. Totally Toronto Toronto Pearson adopts new landing procedures to lower noise, emissions Canada's largest airport is adopting new landing procedures in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and noise caused by descending airplanes. CP Holiday Train is coming to Toronto this week After two years of virtual concerts, the Canadian Pacific (CP) Holiday Train is back and it will be rolling through Toronto this week. Union Station opens outdoor ice rink for holiday season Skaters can now lace up and enjoy the view of the CN Tower at Union Station’s ice rink for the holiday season. Hillary Clinton runs into Estonian president while shopping at Toronto bookstore Hillary Clinton, former U.S. presidential nominee, was spotted crossing paths with the president of Estonia while shopping at a Toronto bookstore this week. Borje Salming tributes honour the 'pioneer' and 'legend' Toronto Maple Leafs defenceman Börje Salming fans showed their admiration and respect for the “pioneer” Toronto Maple Leafs defenceman who “blazed the trail” for generations of hockey players. Someone in a Grinch suit surprised a number of Toronto residents this weekend Many Toronto residents were surprised to see that The Grinch had ventured down from Mount Crumpit this weekend to pay the city a visit. Ontario photographer captures massive wave that looks like 'the perfect face' A photographer says he has captured an insane six-metre wave with a 'perfect face' during a lake-effect storm in Ontario. A look inside a gutted Rogers Centre as work begins on $300-million renovation The Toronto Blue Jays announced on Tuesday that demolition is complete and construction on the first phase of a multi-year, $300-million renovation of the Rogers Centre has begun. Ontario company hiring Chief Candy Officer for six-figure salary received 200K applications An Ontario company in the process of hiring a Chief Candy Officer with a six-figure salary says they received 200,000 applications for the position. Consumer Reports Best gifts for trendy young adults Gift ideas for the car enthusiast Most reliable cars of 2023 voted by consumers CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Stories Worth Watching Who will Canadians cheer for at the World Cup now? With Canada mathematically eliminated from the FIFA World Cup, soccer fans in Toronto are now setting their sights on other teams. These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 Giving Tuesday kicks off holiday donation drive CTV News On the Go Indo-Pacific strategy a 'U-turn' on Canada-China relations Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Atiba Hutchinson - Canada's captain in Qatar: W5 preview The human cost of Qatar's World Cup stadiums: W5 preview Watch Live CTV News at Noon 12:00 p.m. CP24 Live at 5 5:00 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. Stay Connected Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw Listen Live CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act CTV News Political Commentator Scott Reid reacts to Alta. Premier Danielle Smith's proposed Sovereignty within a United Canada Act. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. Things to Know T.O. SPONSORED SPONSORED | Creating Holiday Memories and Moments Parenting & Lifestyle Expert, Maureen Dennis, helps create perfect holiday moments and memories. Are You Ready for the Holidays? As the snow is falling, Taylor Kaye finds out how ready you are for the holidays. SPONSORED SPONSORED | Hot Holiday Toys Children's Entertainment Expert, Patty Sullivan, shares toys that have been going viral online. Common Money Mistakes BNN Bloomberg’s Iva Poshnjari shares some of the most common money mistakes that people make. SPONSORED SPONSORED | Hosting a Photo Scanning Party Lifestyle Expert Richard Cazeau shares ideas on how to make new memories while uncovering old ones. SPONSORED SPONSORED | Organize Your Home Changing the way you think about storage at Dymon Storage Etobicoke. SPONSORED SPONSORED | 6th Generation Farm Moving Towards Sustainability Burnbrae Farms President and CEO, Margaret Hudson, discusses their 2050 target of net zero emissions. Finding an Affordable Condo in Toronto BNN Bloomberg's Iva Poshnjari shares tips to help with your condo search. Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Windsor 'Armed and dangerous' suspect identified after fatal Windsor shooting 'It just doesn’t seem real at this point': Shooting victim's mother speaks out 1616 Ouellette landlord provides displaced tenants with financial assistance as temporary shelter closes Monday Barrie 'I almost died,' Orillia man's road to recovery 'a nightmare' after contracting Legionella Landmark demolished to make way for future developments Enrollment surges at new Simcoe County elementary school Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
