https://www.ctvnews.ca/world/ukraine
Ukraine news | CTV News | Russia invades Ukraine news Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV News Close Search Search CTV News Close NEWS Canada World Opinion War in Ukraine Politics Inflation W5 Health COVID-19 Climate and Environment Sci-Tech Entertainment Lifestyle Business Sports Real Estate Residential Schools Weather Autos Newsletters Local Spotlight VIDEO SECTIONS Latest CTV News on the Go Health Captured on Camera Lifestyle Entertainment Autos Consumer Technology SHOWS CTV National News Power Play Question Period W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News App Video Help Voice Assistant Help LOCAL Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg SHOWS News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play ABOUT SECTIONS Editorial Standards and Policies Search CTV News About Bell Media CTV News App CTV News Stox CTV News Channel What's On CTV News Channel CTV Schedule Podcasts Social Bios CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Ukraine news | CTV News | Russia invades Ukraine news LATEST FROM UKRAINE NATO commits to future Ukraine membership, drums up aid NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg reaffirmed the military alliance's commitment to Ukraine on Tuesday, saying that the war-torn nation will one day become a member of the world's largest security organization. MORE STORIES Ukraine says atrocities uncovered as Russian troops withdraw could amount to genocide As the Ukrainian army liberates territory from Russian occupation, authorities say they are finding evidence of atrocities and crimes against humanity that could amount to genocide. Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid An uneasy calm hung over Kyiv on Tuesday as residents of the Ukrainian capital prepared for Russian missile attacks aiming to take out more energy infrastructure as winter approaches. Russia says nuclear talks with U.S. delayed amid differences Moscow has postponed a round of nuclear arms control talks with the United States set for this week because of stark differences in approach and tensions over Ukraine, a senior Russian diplomat said Tuesday. China ready for 'closer partnership' with Russia in energy China is ready to 'forge closer partnership' with Russia in energy, a state news agency quoted President Xi Jinping as saying in a letter Tuesday, potentially expanding ties that irk Washington by helping the Kremlin resist sanctions over its war on Ukraine. Belarus' top diplomat, ally to president, dies at 64 Belarusian Foreign Minister Vladimir Makei, a longtime associate of authoritarian President Alexander Lukashenko, has died at age 64. 14 years later, NATO is set to renew its vow to Ukraine NATO returns on Tuesday to the scene of one of its most controversial decisions, intent on repeating its vow that Ukraine -- now suffering through the 10th month of a war against Russia -- will join the world's biggest military alliance one day. Lull in Russian attacks against Ukraine energy, aid pledged Russia held back Monday from launching a new round of strikes that have been expected against power stations and other key infrastructure in Ukraine, as officials warned a lingering energy and water crisis from earlier attacks could prompt more evacuations from the capital. Surgeons work by flashlight as Ukraine power grid battered Amid devastating airstrikes in Ukraine, scheduled operations are being postponed; patient records are unavailable because of internet outages; and paramedics have had to use flashlights to examine patients in darkened apartments. Aid group with Canadian funding leads mission to deliver medical supplies in Ukraine Canada is the third most generous contributor to the group, the Association internationale de cooperation medicale, a non-governmental organization that receives support from the Canada-Ukraine Foundation and the Ontario government. Latest Videos CTV National News: IRGC head warns protesters CTV National News: Deadly stampede in Seoul Former Chinese leader unexpectedly led out of room Unseen video shows U.S. lawmakers calling for help Trump planned to falsely claim election victory WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW Russia says nuclear talks with U.S. delayed amid differences Moscow has postponed a round of nuclear arms control talks with the United States set for this week because of stark differences in approach and tensions over Ukraine, a senior Russian diplomat said Tuesday. Museums' daring feat brings major Ukraine art show to Spain Against a backdrop of Russian bombardments, border closures and a nail-biting 3,500-kilometre (2,150-mile) truck journey across Europe, Spain's Thyssen-Bornemisza National Museum has teamed up with the National Art Museum of Ukraine to secretly bring dozens of 20th century Ukrainian avant-garde artworks to Madrid for a unique exhibition and a show of support for the war-torn country. 14 years later, NATO is set to renew its vow to Ukraine NATO returns on Tuesday to the scene of one of its most controversial decisions, intent on repeating its vow that Ukraine -- now suffering through the 10th month of a war against Russia -- will join the world's biggest military alliance one day. Lull in Russian attacks against Ukraine energy, aid pledged Russia held back Monday from launching a new round of strikes that have been expected against power stations and other key infrastructure in Ukraine, as officials warned a lingering energy and water crisis from earlier attacks could prompt more evacuations from the capital. What's the effect of Russian oil price cap, ban? Western governments are aiming to cap the price of Russia's oil exports in an attempt to limit the fossil fuel earnings that support Moscow's budget, its military and the invasion of Ukraine. Most Ukrainians left without power after new Russian strikes Russia unleashed a new missile onslaught on Ukraine's battered energy grid Wednesday, robbing cities of power and some of water and public transport, too, compounding the hardship of winter for millions. The aerial mauling of power supplies also took nuclear plants and internet links offline and spilled blackouts into neighbour Moldova. Ukraine searches monastic complex, prompts anger in Moscow Ukraine's counter-intelligence service, police officers and the country's National Guard on Tuesday searched one of the most famous Orthodox Christian sites in the capital, Kyiv, after a priest spoke favorably about Russia -- Ukraine's invader -- during a service. Putin touts Russia's 'Arctic power' with launch of nuclear icebreakers President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday touted Russia's Arctic power at a flag-raising ceremony and dock launch for two nuclear-powered icebreakers that will ensure year-round navigation in the Western Arctic. Canadians can now buy government bonds to support Ukraine The new $500-million Ukraine Sovereignty Bond program gives Canadians the chance to help the embattled nation provide essential services this winter. Russia's Gazprom threatens Europe gas cuts through Ukraine Russian energy giant Gazprom has threatened to reduce natural gas supplies through the last pipeline heading to Europe via Ukraine, saying the amount it's supplying for Moldova is not ending up in the former Soviet republic. EDITORS' PICKS Palestinian refugee's desperate plea for housing in Canada prompts Jewish family to open their door A Palestinian refugee who made a desperate plea for proper housing in Canada has now been welcomed by a Jewish family in Ottawa. opinion opinion | Tom Mulcair: Only one false note during the Liberals' otherwise solid inquiry performance There was only one really false note during the Liberals' otherwise solid performance during the Emergencies Act inquiry and it was played on Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada’s David Lametti’s trumpet, writes former NDP Leader Tom Mulcair in an exclusive opinion column for CTVNews.ca. How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study You may have heard the oft-repeated advice to drink eight glasses of water a day, but according to a new study, the amount of water we need daily ranges wildly based on numerous factors. Joly seeks reprimand of Russian ambassador as embassy tweets against LGBTQ2S+ community Foreign Affairs Minister Melanie Joly has directed her department to summon Russia's ambassador over social media postings against LGBTQ2S+ people. Flu shot uptake below targets, particularly for older adults amid 'multi-demic' of viruses: survey The flu shot is one of the best weapons in Canada’s arsenal to combat what health experts are calling a 'multi-demic' of flu, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) and COVID-19 that is making people sick and straining health-care systems. Arrest made in gruesome 1983 murders of 2 Toronto women A 61-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the gruesome murders of two Toronto women nearly 40 years ago. The suspect, who was living in Moosonee, Ont., was taken into custody on Thursday and brought back to Toronto. RSV can have serious impact on elderly, immunosuppressed adults, says infectious disease expert After a surge of RSV cases among children overwhelmed hospitals across Canada in recent weeks, one infectious disease specialist explains how the respiratory virus can affect vulnerable adults. 'Gaslighting' is Merriam-Webster's word of the year in 2022 'Gaslighting' -- behaviour that's mind manipulating, grossly misleading, downright deceitful – is Merriam-Webster's word of the year. Stay Connected Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
