https://bc.ctvnews.ca/
Vancouver News | Local Breaking | CTV News Vancouver Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Vancouver Close VANCOUVER Search Search CTV Vancouver Close News Latest News B.C. News Weather Sports On Your Side Real Estate News BTS Podcast The Last Word Other pages Traffic Contests Toy Mountain Everything Financial Fields to Forks Community Connection Our Community Sunshine Coast Health Centre CTV Morning Live Cook Off Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Vancouver News | Local Breaking | CTV News Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP Surrey's new mayor and council have taken the next step in their plan to scrap the Surrey Police Service and maintain the RCMP as the city's police force. How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? B.C. volunteers who dismantled what they're calling "tire island" – sending more than 2,000 of the parts to be recycled – are trying to figure out how the tires got there, and why they seem to have been left there for decades. Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found After Jodine Millar's vehicle was found in an Abbotsford ditch – without her in it —Mounties say they are increasingly concerned for the missing woman's safety. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines When a B.C. metal artist was asked to create a giant sculpture with Elon Musk's head on the body of a goat riding a rocket he had no idea who would want to create such a thing or why. Majority of Canadians support legal protections for abortion, survey finds Decades after abortion was decriminalized in Canada, a new survey suggests the majority of citizens think it’s time to codify access in law. Reminder: Failing to shovel snow can lead to hefty fines in Metro Vancouver Many people across Metro Vancouver will be staying indoors as much as possible until this week's snowstorm subsides – but they could face fines if they neglect to shovel their sidewalks in a timely fashion. BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast Dozens of flights in and out of Vancouver International Airport have been cancelled over the snowfall that's expected on B.C.'s South Coast Tuesday. Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands The man convicted of harassing and extorting British Columbia teenager Amanda Todd has been returned to the Netherlands, where the prosecution office says a judge will decide if he serves any of his 13-year Canadian sentence. 2 arrested for uttering threats during protest at North Vancouver Islamic centre, RCMP say Mounties in North Vancouver say two people have been arrested in connection to "ongoing demonstrations" at a local Islamic centre. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Public help requested in search for 'high-risk' woman last seen in New Westminster A woman believed to be hitchhiking through B.C. has been missing for 12 days, and New Westminster police want the public to help find her. B.C. woman plans on skydiving, spending time with family after $100K lotto win A B.C. woman who recently won $100,000 on a scratch-and-win ticket plans to spend the windfall on skydiving and spoiling her grandchildren BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather BC Ferries has cancelled eight sailings between Vancouver and Victoria on Tuesday due to "adverse weather." The cancelled sailings come as much of coastal B.C. endures a winter storm. UN declaration is focus of government, First Nations meetings in B.C.: grand chief Health care, homelessness, land and resources are among the key topics to be discussed at meetings between British Columbia cabinet ministers and representatives from more than 200 First Nations organizations. Watchdog investigating after transit police shoot assault suspect in downtown Vancouver A man who was shot by police in Vancouver’s Gastown Monday had allegedly gone on a violent assault spree and brandished a weapon, according to the Vancouver Police Department. Former B.C. premier and man with autism form enduring friendship When Kody Bell went to get a Boston cream donut and a large milk at Tim Hortons all those years ago, he never expected to meet his newly elected MLA. In close 5-4 vote, trustees approve bringing police back into Vancouver schools The Vancouver School Board has voted in favour of reinstating a controversial program that places police officers in city schools. 'I was shocked': BC SPCA reminds owners to secure pets in vehicles after dog dragged behind pickup Veterinarians on Vancouver Island are warning dog owners to always secure their pets inside a vehicle when transporting them after a dog fell out of the back of a pickup truck and was dragged behind the vehicle by her tether. Caught on camera: B.C. police officer punches man during arrest after Offspring concert An Abbotsford police officer was caught on camera punching a man twice in the face during the course of an arrest this weekend, prompting a review by the department and a provincial watchdog. King Charles' three-day visit to Canada cost taxpayers at least $1.4 million King Charles' whirlwind three-day trip to Canada in May 2022 cost Canadian taxpayers at least $1.4 million, or well over $25,000 per hour, according to documents obtained by CTVNews.ca. B.C. man honoured for saving friend's life using CPR Alaster Osborne was honoured at his Squamish, B.C., woodshop Monday with an award for helping to save his business partner's life using CPR. New stats suggest Canadians already kicking some plastic habits as national ban looms Canadians appear to be slowly cutting back on their use of plastic straws and grocery bags ahead of a national ban on such items that will take effect next month, new statistics show. B.C. landlord loses bid to evict renter over $3K in unpaid utilities A landlord's attempt to evict a renter from a home in B.C.'s Lower Mainland over thousands of dollars in unpaid utilities has been rejected due to vague wording in their tenancy agreement. Top Videos Major winter storm wallops South Coast Commuters challenged by wintry weather Ferries, flights cancelled Transit police shoot man in Vancouver Surrey council votes on police plan Vancouver man injured in police shooting Winter blast in B.C. disrupts air travel Snowfall warnings issued in Metro Vancouver Snow expected in Metro Vancouver Tuesday WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Violent arrest caught on camera Discrimination claim filed against Canucks Inside CTV News Vancouver Busiest pediatric ER in B.C: Surrey hospital 'overrun' as sick kids get hallway medicine The surge in sick kids has B.C.'s Surrey Memorial Hospital seeing quadruple as many patients as their emergency department was designed for, and 100 more kids per day than last year – making it one of the busiest pediatric units in the country. Girl hit in face with firework near Surrey RCMP detachment A youth in Surrey is recovering from minor injuries after being hit in the face by a firework early Sunday morning, prompting Mounties to investigate. Surrey RCMP officer charged with sexual assault, breach of trust A Surrey Mountie who was already facing nine criminal charges has had another five laid against him in an ongoing investigation, the detachment announced Wednesday. Editor's Picks Carol Todd worries Dutch man who harassed daughter Amanda may not serve sentence Carol Todd is worried the Dutch man convicted of harassing and extorting her teenage daughter, Amanda, who later died by suicide, may not serve any of the 13-year sentence handed to him by a British Columbia court. Inquest will be held into death of Vancouver police officer who died by suicide An inquest will be held to determine the details surrounding the suicide of a Vancouver police officer nearly four years ago. Hours-long closure of Coquihalla Hwy. involved stolen truck, reports of firearm: RCMP The police incident that closed the Coquihalla Highway for several hours Wednesday does not appear to be connected to any other "recent high-profile events" in B.C.'s Lower Mainland, according to police. On Your Side 'Copious amounts' of stolen property found during fraud investigation: Port Moody police A fraud investigation uncovered what police say was "copious amounts of stolen property" including credit cards and ID. B.C. grandmother loses thousands of dollars to crook in latest scam An 87-year-old Metro Vancouver woman was so convinced that the man on the other end of the phone was an attorney, she gave him $10,000. B.C. resident ordered to repay $5,000 e-transfer they were sent by accident A B.C. resident will get back the $5,000 they accidentally e-transferred to someone else instead of moving the money to one of their own accounts. Real Estate News Cooling trend continues in B.C.'s residential real estate market High interest rates are continuing to have a cooling effect on B.C.'s residential real estate market, as sales slump, active listings plateau and average prices dip. Slump in B.C. real estate sales, prices predicted to continue into 2023 A new forecast from the BC Real Estate Association is predicting that home sales and prices in the province will continue their decline this year and into 2023. 439 rental units, 2 towers proposed near Oakridge mall A developer is proposing 439 rental homes in two towers with a six-storey podium between them in Vancouver's rapidly changing Oakridge neighbourhood. CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Across Canada Strangers rescue peacock from peril on Victoria street Roadside delivery: Nova Scotia baby born in family car Trudeau accepts portrait of his father by London, Ont. artist 'One to remember': Bright meteor streaks across Manitoba sky CTV News On the Go Indo-Pacific strategy a 'U-turn' on Canada-China relations Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Atiba Hutchinson - Canada's captain in Qatar: W5 preview The human cost of Qatar's World Cup stadiums: W5 preview Masterpieces stolen in a brazen Montreal heist: W5 preview WATCH LIVE CTV Morning Live 5:30 a.m. CTV News at Noon 12 p.m. CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. STAY CONNECTED Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. LISTEN LIVE Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
