https://vancouverisland.ctvnews.ca/
Victoria News | Local Breaking | CTV News Vancouver Island Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Vancouver Island Close VANCOUVER ISLAND Search Search CTV Vancouver Island Close News Latest News All Articles Nanaimo News Weather Sawatsky Sign-off Contests Events Video Latest All Video Hike the Island CTV News Live Video Help Last Laugh Shows News Programs CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Personalities Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs News Links Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Victoria News | Local Breaking | CTV News Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather BC Ferries has cancelled eight sailings between Vancouver and Victoria on Tuesday due to "adverse weather." The cancelled sailings come as much of coastal B.C. endures a winter storm. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow A semi-truck got stuck on the Malahat highway on Tuesday afternoon amid heavy snowfall in the region. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES North Cowichan seeks feedback on future of municipal forests A public engagement process is underway to determine what route North Cowichan, B.C., should take when it comes to managing its Municipal Forest Reserve (MFR). Langford car dealership giving away free car to person or family in need King’s Auto Sales in Langford, B.C., is teaming up with the Cool Aid Society to give away a free car to a deserving person or family this holiday season. Officer resigns from RCMP C-IRG following concerns about Fairy Creek enforcement Concerns over questionable RCMP tactics raised by an officer involved in the crackdown at the Fairy Creek old-growth blockades in the summer of 2021 are not surprising, says a lawyer representing dozens of activists. 31-year-old dead after serious collision near Parksville, B.C. A Vancouver Island resident died in a serious crash north of Parksville, B.C., on Friday evening, according to the Oceanside RCMP. 'I was shocked': BC SPCA reminds owners to secure pets in vehicles after dog dragged behind pickup Veterinarians on Vancouver Island are warning dog owners to always secure their pets inside a vehicle when transporting them after a dog fell out of the back of a pickup truck and was dragged behind the vehicle by her tether. Victoria Women's Transition House seeks donations amid annual shortfall The Victoria Women’s Transition House has put out a call for donations as it struggles with a 20 per cent shortfall in annual donations. Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines When a B.C. metal artist was asked to create a giant sculpture with Elon Musk's head on the body of a goat riding a rocket he had no idea who would want to create such a thing or why. Former B.C. premier and man with autism form enduring friendship When Kody Bell went to get a Boston cream donut and a large milk at Tim Hortons all those years ago, he never expected to meet his newly elected MLA. Snow plays havoc with Victoria bus routes Several BC Transit routes in Greater Victoria have been altered on Tuesday due to icy weather and road conditions. Cold air pushes into southern B.C., bringing wind, snow and arctic chill Environment Canada has updated special weather statements, warning of strong winds, sub-zero temperatures and snow for south coastal B.C. and much of Vancouver Island. Man arrested after siphoning gas from Nanaimo charity: RCMP The Nanaimo RCMP say an off-duty officer arrested a man who was siphoning gas from a car that belonged to the Boys and Girls Club earlier this month. Giving Tuesday: Victoria Hospitals Foundation fundraising for new ICU monitors The Victoria Hospitals Foundation is asking the public to help raise money for 10 new patient monitors for the intensive care unit at Victoria General Hospital. BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast Dozens of flights in and out of Vancouver International Airport have been cancelled over the snowfall that's expected on B.C.'s South Coast Tuesday. BC Ferries workers ask for religious exemption from clean-shaven rule A union representing marine workers is taking BC Ferries to task over one of the company's policies regarding facial hair. Victoria's Capital City Comic Con announces hiatus The popular Capital City Comic Con event will not be returning to Victoria in 2023, organizers announced Monday. RCMP recover 3 bodies after float plane crash off Vancouver Island Mounties say they have recovered the bodies of all three people who were aboard a float plane that crashed off B.C.'s central coast last week. Top Videos Nanaimo dog recovering after being dragged by car CMHC publishes new report on housing crisis Snow causes travel issues on Vancouver Island Langford car dealership giving away free car WATCH: Vancouver Island weather forecast WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges SUV crashes into fireworks store causing massive explosion Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. Violent arrest caught on camera Discrimination claim filed against Canucks B.C. announces funding for new medical school Stay Connected Editor's Picks Former B.C. premier and man with autism form enduring friendship When Kody Bell went to get a Boston cream donut and a large milk at Tim Hortons all those years ago, he never expected to meet his newly elected MLA. 'I was shocked': BC SPCA reminds owners to secure pets in vehicles after dog dragged behind pickup Veterinarians on Vancouver Island are warning dog owners to always secure their pets inside a vehicle when transporting them after a dog fell out of the back of a pickup truck and was dragged behind the vehicle by her tether. BC Ferries workers ask for religious exemption from clean-shaven rule A union representing marine workers is taking BC Ferries to task over one of the company's policies regarding facial hair. Snow plays havoc with Victoria bus routes Several BC Transit routes in Greater Victoria have been altered on Tuesday due to icy weather and road conditions. RCMP recover 3 bodies after float plane crash off Vancouver Island Mounties say they have recovered the bodies of all three people who were aboard a float plane that crashed off B.C.'s central coast last week. Strangers rescue peacock from peril on Victoria street After living in his downtown Victoria neighbourhood for more than 30 years, David Ferguson says this was a first. Man seriously injured after falling two storeys at Uptown mall during police call: IIO B.C.'s police watchdog is looking into an incident that left a man with serious injuries after he fell at least two storeys at Uptown Shopping Centre in Saanich, B.C. BC Transit may cancel Victoria buses due to snow BC Transit is warning commuters of possible delays on Tuesday because of snowfall in the region's forecast. 2nd earthquake in as many days off Vancouver Island A 4.8-magnitude earthquake shook homes on Vancouver Island Friday night, but no damage has been reported, according to Earthquakes Canada. CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Sawatsky Sign-off Former B.C. premier and man with autism form enduring friendship When Kody Bell went to get a Boston cream donut and a large milk at Tim Hortons all those years ago, he never expected to meet his newly elected MLA. Elementary school students build bench with secret compartment to share messages of kindness All the students in the school can take a paper form that's available available in every classroom, pen something positive about someone else, and deposit the note in a secret compartment underneath the rainbow bench. Strangers rescue peacock from peril on Victoria street After living in his downtown Victoria neighbourhood for more than 30 years, David Ferguson says this was a first. B.C. senior releases first album of original songs at age 80 Emma Robbins learned to play guitar at age eight, won regional singing competitions at 10, and by 16, was earning fame across the Maritimes, performing on TV every week. Motherhood took her away from music, however, until recently, when she released her first album at age 80. 'The soul of Canada': First woman to walk solo across country reflects on five-year journey When Melanie Vogel moved from Germany to Canada it was love at first sight. 97-year-old competitive horseshoe player captured emotional moments on camera during Second World War Bob Curtis has been told he's the oldest competitive horseshoe league player in Canada. The game is part of the way the former Navy photographer keeps himself feeling "great." Victoria man records 465 veterans' stories on cross-country road trip of remembrance Eric Brunt quit his job and drained his savings to self-fund a 13-month journey across the country to interview as many Second World War veterans as he could find. 80-year-old Port Alberni man fills home with more than 270 eclectic nutcrackers "This is how it all began," Kenn Whiteman smiles, holding a statue of a regal-looking rodent. Woman with cerebral palsy inspires joy with collection of handmade Halloween costumes Darcy strives to make every day fun while working with Mariel – who is non-verbal and quadriplegic – but the weeks leading up to Halloween are particularly creative. WATCH LIVE CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at Eleven 11 p.m. CTV News On the Go Indo-Pacific strategy a 'U-turn' on Canada-China relations Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Atiba Hutchinson - Canada's captain in Qatar: W5 preview The human cost of Qatar's World Cup stadiums: W5 preview Highlights from Across Canada Strangers rescue peacock from peril on Victoria street After living in his downtown Victoria neighbourhood for more than 30 years, David Ferguson says this was a first. Roadside delivery: Nova Scotia baby born in family car A Nova Scotia family’s baby delivery story is sure to be shared for many years to come after their baby was born along the side of the road on the way to the hospital. Trudeau accepts portrait of his father by London, Ont. artist London artist Eric Drummond said he is honoured Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has accepted a portrait of his late father, former prime minister Pierre Trudeau. The painting was presented to the prime minister by London North Centre MP Peter Fragiskatos last week. 'One to remember': Bright meteor streaks across Manitoba sky Several people in Manitoba got a clear look at a celestial sight Thursday night. A meteor was caught streaking across the sky in the province, with cameras catching it in Winnipeg and other areas north of the city. 'It looks like Poseidon': Ingersoll, Ont. photographer captures spectacular image of face in waves While working along the Lake Erie shoreline last weekend, a photographer from Ingersoll captured something unexpected. 'It took me hours to go through them all but I found a couple I really liked and that one stood out,' said Cody Evans. Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw Listen Live CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act CTV News Political Commentator Scott Reid reacts to Alta. Premier Danielle Smith's proposed Sovereignty within a United Canada Act. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
