https://www.cbc.ca/kidsnews/post/cbc-kids-news-in-classroom
Want CBC Kids News to visit your class? | Article | Kids News Hide Search Search CBC Kids News SEARCH CBC Kids News Hot Topics Topics KN Explains #GoodNews #WeirdNews Animals Gaming Sports Indigenous Stories Climate Change Mental Health War in Ukraine Science Search Want CBC Kids News to visit your class? Story by CBC Kids News • 2021-10-15 11:46 Whether you’re going to school in person or doing virtual learning, you can invite CBC Kids News to your classroom for a behind-the-scenes perspective on how news is produced! Connecting with a CBC Kids News journalist via Zoom, classes will learn the step-by-step process of how a news story is produced, including picking a topic, the interview process, selecting the subject, and more. This session is ideal for kids aged 9 to 13 (the content is not always suitable for JK - Gr. 4). To participate, your class must have access to Zoom. What you can expect from your CBC Kids News in the Classroom hangout: Duration: 45 minutes. Meet a CBC Kids News journalist, discuss news stories currently in the media and the steps required to produce a news story. Students can test their skills and see how much they know about news. Learn how to spot fake news and the difference between misinformation and disinformation. Classrooms will collaborate and build a news story using the details from their CBC Kids News Toolkit. Your teacher will receive a printable CBC Kids News Toolkit with their confirmation. (They should review it with you in advance. You let us know how they did!) What teachers need to know CBC Kids News in the Classroom is a virtual experience hosted over Zoom with up to three classes in attendance and will NOT be recorded by CBC. We also request that classes do not record the program. Due to the popularity of CBC News in the Classroom, we’ve increased our capacity from one classroom to three. It is a camera-optional experience with the opportunity to engage via moderated chat or microphone. If your students are participating virtually from home, their name may be visible to others. All teachers will be added to the Zoom meet as a co-host at the beginning of the session. This will allow each teacher to admit late students as necessary, communicate directly with their classroom, view the chat messages of all their students and mute or unmute individuals during the session. CBC expects students to behave the same way they would during class and teachers may be asked to intervene if a student is acting inappropriately. In particular, teachers should pay close attention to students who may be attending virtually from outside of the classroom, where the environment is less controlled and cameras and microphones may pick up unwanted background sights and sounds. It is your responsibility to obtain all the necessary permission forms your school requires in order for your classroom to attend. Teaching Kindergarten to Grade 4? Please check out CBC Kids at School! Teacher Registration Before registering, using the form below, please read CBC’s Submission Guidelines and Terms of Use. Standby List If your preferred date and time are full, please join the standby list using the form below and you'll be contacted should there be a cancellation. You can also reach out to us at kidsnewsintheclassroom@cbc.ca. We’re happy to help! Get your class on the same page, add this to Google Classroom Send us feedback Report a typo or inaccuracy More Stories You Might Like Invite CBC Kids News into YOUR classroom Register for a fun and engaging lesson on how news is produced. CLICK HERE > Sign up for the KN Newsletter Get the latest stories delivered to your inbox every Friday. CLICK HERE > Privacy Policy Terms of use Copyright policy Other policies Contact us About Us Feedback form © 2022 CBC Kids News back to top close this modal You are now leaving the CBC Kids News Website. Cancel Okay Cancel Submit close this modal
