https://windsor.ctvnews.ca/
Windsor News | Local Breaking | CTV News Windsor Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Windsor Close WINDSOR Search Search CTV Windsor Close News Latest News All Articles Weather Community Calendar Photo Galleries Contests Video Latest All Video Sports CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Six CTV News at 11 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Windsor News | Local Breaking | CTV News Windsor 'Armed and dangerous' suspect identified after fatal Windsor shooting Windsor police have identified a suspect related to a fatal shooting on Hanna Street. 'It just doesn’t seem real at this point': Shooting victim's mother speaks out A mother is reeling after her 26-year-old son was shot and killed in South Walkerville Monday afternoon. 1616 Ouellette landlord provides displaced tenants with financial assistance as temporary shelter closes Monday The City of Windsor is asking local landlords with affordable units to reach out as the temporary emergency shelter housing the displaced residents of a downtown apartment building will be closed as of Monday. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Windsor man gets seven-year sentence for stabbing death of friend A 52-year-old Windsor man received a seven-year prison sentence for the stabbing death of his friend. King Charles III unveils first posthumous statue of Queen Elizabeth II King Charles III has unveiled the first statue of his late mother Queen Elizabeth II since her death in September. The new sculpture in the English city of York was revealed on Wednesday outside York Minster. Ontario spent $3.5B less than planned in first half of 2022-23. Here's what that means The Ontario government has spent $3.5 billion less than expected in the first half of 2022-23, according to the province’s financial watchdog. Missing 21-year-old Kingsville woman sought by OPP Essex County OPP are asking for help finding a 21-year-old missing woman. Nearly $100 million to be invested in upgrades to Windsor transit Windsor’s transit system will see some new improvements thanks to a nearly $100 million investment. Road closures this weekend as Santa Claus comes to town The streets of Windsor will be filled with holiday cheer this weekend as the annual Santa Claus parade rolls through. BREAKING BREAKING | Jason Bellaire named new chief of Windsor police The Windsor Police Services Board has announced a new chief. Chatham woman charged with shoplifting in Leamington A Chatham woman is charged after a shoplifting incident in Leamington. Kim Kardashian, Ye reach divorce settlement Kim Kardashian and Ye have reached a settlement in their divorce, averting a trial that had been set for next month, court documents filed Tuesday showed. Special Weather Statement in effect A special weather statement form Environment Canada blankets all of southern Ontario on Tuesday. Top Videos Police seek suspect in homicide investigation Man sentenced to 7 years for fatal stabbing Clock ticking for displaced residents to find new homes Giving Tuesday: How Windsor-Essex is giving back Jason Bellaire named new chief of WPS Exclusive: Interview with WPS Chief Jason Bellaire Editor's Picks Where to watch the FIFA World Cup 2022 games in Windsor As many Windsorites get ready to cheer on Canada in the FIFA World Cup 2022, there are plenty of viewing options. Santa Claus parades happening in Windsor-Essex It looks like Santa Claus will have a busy holiday schedule with appearances at several parades across the region. INTERACTIVE INTERACTIVE | Analysis: The income you need to buy a house in these major Canadian cities A homebuyer would need less income now to qualify for an average-priced home in a major Canadian city when compared to how much it was costing in the summer, according to new data from mortgage brokerage Ratehub.ca. WATCH LIVE CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at Eleven 11 p.m. Links in the news CRIME & COURTS What we know so far about accused murderer Joseph George Sutherland Nearly 40 years after Joseph George Sutherland allegedly killed two women in Toronto, the now 61-year-old has been arrested. Arrest made in gruesome 1983 murders of 2 Toronto women A 61-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the gruesome murders of two Toronto women nearly 40 years ago. The suspect, who was living in Moosonee, Ont., was taken into custody on Thursday and brought back to Toronto. Video captures police shooting in Markham that left one person dead, another injured Police have shot two men suspected in a string of Markham, Ont. home invasions Friday morning, killing one. CTV News On the Go Indo-Pacific strategy a 'U-turn' on Canada-China relations Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Atiba Hutchinson - Canada's captain in Qatar: W5 preview Stay Connected Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Listen Live CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act CTV News Political Commentator Scott Reid reacts to Alta. Premier Danielle Smith's proposed Sovereignty within a United Canada Act. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home London Non-life threatening injuries following south London, Ont. car crash, roads reopened Thames Valley District School Board passes motion to rename two London, Ont. schools Western revokes COVID-19 vaccine policy, mask mandate remains in effect Barrie 'I almost died,' Orillia man's road to recovery 'a nightmare' after contracting Legionella Landmark demolished to make way for future developments Enrollment surges at new Simcoe County elementary school Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
