https://winnipeg.ctvnews.ca/
Winnipeg News | CTV News Winnipeg Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Winnipeg Close WINNIPEG Search Search CTV Winnipeg Close News Latest News All Articles Sports Photo Galleries Contests Weather CTV Morning Live Features Let's Celebrate Tots to Teens Living Well Get Growing Manitoba Turkey Community Connection Ask an Expert On The Runway Video Latest All Video CTV News Winnipeg On The Go Medical Watch CTV News Live Video Help CTV Morning Live Videos Sports Star of the Week SportsStar of the Week Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Community Calendar Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Winnipeg News | CTV News Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity A local business owner is being hailed as a quiet philanthropist after donating a gift to the Winnipeg Foundation valued at about $500 million, the largest individual gift ever made to a Canadian charity. Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines Some Winnipeggers are undeterred by the possibility of fines for shovelling bike lanes. 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head The Manitoba Underdogs Rescue is calling on the public for help to save a dog that was found with severe injuries to his head and face. Complete Weather Forecast Weather brought to you by: MORE TOP STORIES Missing man last seen at a Steinbach home: RCMP Manitoba RCMP are asking for help to find a Steinbach man who hasn't been seen for nearly a week. Manitoba RCMP investigating online puppy fraud Manitoba RCMP is investigating after a woman from New Bothwell said she became a victim of a puppy fraud scheme. 'Unprecedented' traffic in children's ER prompts call for parents to know where to go in health-care system As Health Sciences Centre’s children’s emergency department continues to grapple with a surge in flu season traffic, health-care providers are urging parents and caregivers to choose the appropriate health-care option for sick kids. Advocates launch campaign to bring Winnipeggers back downtown Advocates are urging Winnipeggers to return to the downtown area in an effort to jump-start the momentum in the city's core that was lost in the pandemic. 'She's just happy to contribute': 95-year-old Manitoban knits dozens of mittens for Christmas hampers Shirley Mitchell has spent months carefully knitting pairs and pairs of mittens to be included in the Brandon-Westman Christmas Cheer Board hampers this holiday season. Manitoba Hydro revises its rate-hike request, cites cut in government charges Manitoba Hydro is reducing its request for rate increases for the next two years and is crediting a recent provincial government fee reduction. Watchdog wraps two police shooting investigations; neither officer charged Manitoba's police watchdog has wrapped up two separate investigations into police shootings, determining the officers involved in both will not face charges. Manitoba government reintroduces bill to ease liquor rules, aims to change pot tax The Manitoba government is making another attempt at loosening restrictions on liquor sales and is changing the way it taxes cannabis. First Nation works with environmental group to help in residential school searches A First Nation in Ontario is working with a Winnipeg environmental assessment firm to help communities investigate sites of former residential schools with an Indigenous-led approach. Manitoba politician pushes for crackdown on people who leave pets in vehicles The Manitoba government may soon crack down on people who leave their pets in vehicles in extreme hot or cold weather. 'We're devastated': Water woes plague north Winnipeg neighbourhood Residents in a northeast Winnipeg neighbourhood are dealing with flooded basements and water issues they believe stem from a nearby car wash. 'Don't slow down': From curling to cycling, 90-year-old Winnipeg senior committed to staying active At 90 years old, Al Borys is proving that age is just a number as he continues to play a sport he loves and is active to raise money for a good cause. 'A feel-good thing': Winnipeg couple’s popular wood pallet snowmen fundraiser back again A Winnipeg couple who transform unassuming wooden pallets with a little holiday magic is back to raise more money for local charities, one snowman at a time. The Angel Squad is back to support the Misericordia Health Centre Today is Giving Tuesday, and one group of angels got off to an early start of giving back to the community Manitoba suspends new cryptocurrency operations, citing high energy demand The Manitoba government is temporarily halting any new connections of cryptocurrency operations to the hydroelectric grid, citing a potential for overwhelming energy demands and low economic return. Heavy police presence outside Transcona home on Monday evening A heavy police presence was seen outside a home in Transcona on Monday evening. Winnipeg woman fears her pet turtle Nora was stolen A Winnipeg woman believes her pet turtle was stolen, and is now hoping it will be returned before it's too late. Ontario woman, 23, charged after graphic video emerges of horse being dragged A 23-year-old Ontario woman has been charged under the provincial welfare services act after a graphic video of a horse being dragged surfaced online. One video shows the horse being pulled with ropes as its back hooves drag along a road. Top Videos Influx of kids needing medical care City asks residents to not clear snow from roads Liquor legislation introduced by province Advocates work to get Winnipeggers back downtown Kickoff to giving season Massive donation to help Winnipeg Foundation Hydro reducing rate change request RCAF presents Home for the Holidays Giving Tuesday and the CancerCare Foundation RBC signs $13.5B deal to acquire HSBC These are the most popular baby names for 2022 Children’s hospital feeling strain SportStar: 90 year old curler not stopping 'Imminent global threat': Concerns grow for measles outbreak Inside CTV News Winnipeg 'Tunnels always meant something secretive': The history of Manitoba's century-old tunnel under the Legislature For more than a century, a tunnel 'under the dome' few have laid eyes on has been intriguing Winnipeggers. Researchers at University of Manitoba find connection between ground squirrels and climate change University of Manitoba researchers have found a link between ground squirrels and climate change and it has to do with the rodents' feet and sperm. 'One to remember': Bright meteor streaks across Manitoba sky Several people in Manitoba got a clear look at a celestial sight Thursday night. A meteor was caught streaking across the sky in the province, with cameras catching it in Winnipeg and other areas north of the city. 'You can't ignore the sound of the drum': Hinode Taiko celebrates 40 years A Winnipeg-based Japanese drum group is celebrating four decades of high energy beats. Why organ donations are declining and how governments are reacting Ontario and Nunavut opted into new legislation by the federal government hoping to increase organ donations as hundreds of patients die while on the waitlist each year. 'It might mean shutting down': Child care centres struggling amid high staff and child sickness High absentee rates and staff shortages are causing some child care centres to close or reduce their hours. Winnipeg fans share cheers and tears during Canada's historic World Cup game Soccer fans and Canadian sports lovers packed watch parties Sunday to catch the Canadian Men's National Soccer Team's historic World Cup run. Leon Fontaine, leader of Springs Church, has died Springs Church leader Pastor Leon Fontaine has died. Winnipeg painter Joyce Anderson dies at age 90 Manitoba’s art community is in mourning following the death of Winnipeg painter Joyce Anderson. Stay Connected Sports 'Don't slow down': From curling to cycling, 90-year-old Winnipeg senior committed to staying active At 90 years old, Al Borys is proving that age is just a number as he continues to play a sport he loves and is active to raise money for a good cause. Linebacker Adam Bighill signs extension with Winnipeg Blue Bombers All-star linebacker Adam Bighill has signed a two-year contract extension with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers James Hamblin had a huge smile Monday when he spoke about his first NHL call up. He had tears streaming down his face just hours earlier. CTV News On the Go Indo-Pacific strategy a 'U-turn' on Canada-China relations Dan Riskin on a tool that makes CO2 impacts more visible Atiba Hutchinson - Canada's captain in Qatar: W5 preview The human cost of Qatar's World Cup stadiums: W5 preview WATCH LIVE CTV Morning Live 8 a.m. CTV News at Noon Noon CTV News at Five 5 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. News Links Cognitive behavior therapy with mindfulness classes Postpartum Depression Association of Manitoba Climate Atlas COVID-19 vaccine finder Medical Watch Measles posing global threat, WHO warns An imminent threat of measles worldwide leads MedicalWatch for Tuesday, Nov. 29, 2022. Children’s cold and flu medication shortage ER death in New Brunswick CTV Morning Live Who and what Angel Squad supports Volunteer, Lisa Stiver explains what Angel Squad supports Sponsored: Travel gift guide Sponsored: Mattel’s most-wanted toys Connected Calendar Winnipeg live eye Live Eye brought to you by: Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Drug slows Alzheimer's but can it make a real difference? An experimental Alzheimer's drug modestly slowed the brain disease's inevitable worsening, researchers reported Tuesday – but it remains unclear how much difference that might make in people's lives. Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Chinese military jets conducted several intercepts of a Royal Canadian Air Force patrol plane as it flew surveillance sorties from Japan as part of an international effort to enforce sanctions against North Korea, the Department of National Defence confirmed Tuesday. Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 The Ontario government intends to appeal a court's decision that struck down a controversial bill that limited wages for public sector workers. NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh wants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to step in to see Canada Post scrap its fuel surcharge on deliveries over the upcoming holiday rush period. Listen Live CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act CTV News Political Commentator Scott Reid reacts to Alta. Premier Danielle Smith's proposed Sovereignty within a United Canada Act. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 WARNING: Ont. woman charged after horse abuse video emerges Mother assaulted, robbed outside Edmonton transit station Ottawa lawyer allegedly offered legal aid for sexual favours WATCH: Coyote spotted roaming the streets in Sudbury, Ont. Ford absent amid fresh criticism over Greenbelt development Good Samaritan helps to deliver baby on side of road in N.S. Regina Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Saskatoon Saskatoon council votes to hike property taxes by 3.93 per cent Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Recovering addict and human trafficking survivor calls northern OPP officer her 'hero' Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Earthquakes rattle northern Alberta, no initial reports of damage: federal agency Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Two people in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Illegal dumping complaints in Toronto pile up as enforcement falls: investigation Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Victim in Brantford homicide investigation identified Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home Vancouver Surrey council takes next steps in scrapping municipal force in favour of RCMP How did more than 2,000 tires end up on a remote B.C. island? Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Chinese spaceship with 3 aboard docks with space station Hundreds at Harvard, NYC, Chicago protest China's actions Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Colorado governor visits gay club shooting memorial Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Ten biggest food trend predictions for 2023, according to Yelp Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
