https://regina.ctvnews.ca/yorkton
Yorkton News | Local Breaking | CTV News Yorkton Skip to main content Live Search Search CTV Regina Close YORKTON Search Search CTV Regina Close News Latest News All Articles Yorkton Weather Our Community Contests Video Latest All Video CTV News Yorkton Sports CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton News | Local Breaking | CTV News Yorkton Sask. sisters convicted of murder reunite in front of courthouse with hope to clear their names Two Indigenous sisters, who are among Canada’s longest serving female inmates, saw each other for the first time in 18 years, outside a Yorkton courthouse on Thursday. 'This one is special': Hundreds gather as Yorkton returns to typical Remembrance Day service For the first time since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Yorkton Legion was able to gather for a full ceremony for the 2022 Remembrance Day ceremonies. 'It takes a toll on you': Metis veteran using Indigenous practices to cope with PTSD One Metis Veteran used his Indigenous culture to help him cope with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) from his time serving with the Canadian Armed Forces. Complete Weather Forecast MORE TOP STORIES Yorkton emergency shelter sees growing demand as temperatures drop Yorkton’s emergency shelter, Bruno’s Place, has seen an increased demand as temperatures drop. 33rd annual Grain Millers Harvest Showdown brings agriculture community to Yorkton Four days full of Ag-centric events have come and gone in Yorkton. Beginning Nov. 2, the 33rd annual Grain Millers Harvest Showdown took place in and around the Gallagher Centre. 'This time, it was our community': Melville looking to heal following homicide The day following a homicide in the community of Melville, the city is looking to pick up the pieces and move on. City of Yorkton rolls out online communication platform to increase public engagement The City of Yorkton wants to ensure everyone gets to have their say in its day-to-day dealings. A new online platform, “Shape Your City” is now up and functional for the residents of Yorkton, designed to act as a line of direct communication with city officials themselves. 'I love it': CURLSASK hosts youth camp for young local curlers in Yorkton Over a span of two days, over 150 curlers from in and around the Parkland region got the chance to take to the pebbled ice, and learn from one of Saskatchewan’s best. Yorkton cancer non-profit reaches $1M milestone, accepts over $10K from Smile Cookie Campaign Close Cuts for Cancer, a non-profit organization in Yorkton, has reached its $1 million milestone. Platinum Jubilee Medal nominations open in Yorkton, city to honour 15 members of community The City of Yorkton is seeking nominations for the Queen Elizabeth II Platinum Jubilee Medal, which will honour those that give back to their community. 'Feels like you're outside in a sunny spot': Sask. artist living in dome home A Yorkton artist is living in one of her art projects, an approximately 1,600 square-foot monolithic dome made from steel rebar, concrete and polyurethane. 50th edition of rivalry between Melville and Yorkton SJHL teams kicks off Friday The Battle of Highway 10 is back in action Friday, officially kicking off the 50th season of the two clubs locking horns in the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League (SJHL) in Melville. Sask. Parks extend camping reservations to fall, winter seasons Saskatchewan Parks has extended camping reservations at 13 provincial parks, due to increased demand. Yorkton Newscasts CTV Yorkton Web News November 29 CTV Yorkton Web News November 28 CTV Yorkton Web News November 18 CTV Yorkton Web News November 17 CTV Yorkton Web News November 16 CTV News Regina Top Stories Business operations winding down for SLGA stores Business operations are winding down at Saskatchewan government liquor stores as the remaining 34 locations will close their doors in the new year. Sask. forecasting $1.1B surplus in 2022-23, spending up due to affordability cheques Saskatchewan is forecasting a $1.1 billion surplus for 2022-23 in its mid-year financial report released on Tuesday. Court date set for Dec. 13 as councillors take legal action against Regina city manager Regina city councillor Dan LeBlanc showed up to the Court at King's Bench Tuesday morning to set a date to make his case against the city's manager. 'I'm in constant agonizing pain': Sask. woman frustrated with quality of health-care A 57-year-old woman from the Yorkton area is frustrated with the quality of healthcare she’s received. She says she lives everyday in excruciating pain, and claims health-care professionals aren’t listening to her. Questions over consultations persist as Sask. First Act passes second reading The Saskatchewan First Act, a bill asserting provincial jurisdiction over natural resources, passed its second reading at the legislature on Monday. 'Bison Day' at Agribition marked with sales, Indigenous ceremonies The second day of the Canadian Western Agribition was called ‘bison day’ and for good reason. Events focused on the importance of bison in the agriculture industry as well as the animal’s Indigenous roots and connections. 'Hoping to bring my Canadian spirit': Regina divers sign Division I scholarships Abby Ounsworth and Chelsey Dorosh of the Regina Diving Club have signed NCAA Division 1 Scholarships with Georgia Southern University and University of Nevada, Las Vegas for the 2023-24 collegiate year. Regina Food Bank proposes downtown location The Regina Food Bank is exploring a new “Downtown Community Food Hub” to serve as its distribution site for those in need. 'Outgrown our space': Salthaven West fundraises for new clinic to treat injured wildlife in Sask. In light of Giving Tuesday, Salthaven West is asking residents to consider supporting Saskatchewan’s wildlife and the benefits they bring to the ecosystem. STAY CONNECTED Don't Miss Videos These are the most popular baby names in Canada for 2022 BabyCenter, an online parenting website, recently published its annual analysis of popular names for newborn babies in Canada. Ontario police officer receives 'Hero of the Year' award King's 2022 visit to Canada cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour Ont. school students make radio contact with space station World largest volcano Mauna Loa erupts after nearly 40 years The moment fans go crazy after historic Canadian goal Canada trying to build their own World Cup reputation Ont. photographer takes photo of wave that resembles a face 83-year-old great-grandmother wins $60M in Lotto Max draw CTVNews.ca Top Stories Bank of Canada lost $522 million in third quarter, marking first loss in its history The Bank of Canada lost $522 million in the third quarter of this year, marking the first loss in its 87-year history. In the central bank's latest quarterly financial report, it says revenue from interest on its assets did not keep pace with interest charges on deposits at the bank. RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House The RCMP has confirmed it is investigating 'broader foreign actor interference activities' in Canada, but Commissioner Brenda Lucki is declining to provide more details given the investigations are 'ongoing.' Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Danielle Smith introduced the Sovereignty within a United Canada Act in the legislature Tuesday while trying to reassure Albertans that it has nothing to do with leaving the country. FIFA charges Croatia after fans taunt Canada goalkeeper Milan Borjan at World Cup A disciplinary case was opened against Croatia at the World Cup on Tuesday after the team's fans taunted a Canada player with Serbian family ties. Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage The Senate passed bipartisan legislation Tuesday to protect same-sex marriages, an extraordinary sign of shifting national politics on the issue and a measure of relief for the hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples who have married since the Supreme Court's 2015 decision that legalized gay marriage countrywide. CTV News Video Network 'It's incoherent': Analyst reacts to Smith's sovereignty act The Fourth Session of the 30th Legislature opens on Tuesday, November 29, 2022, at 3 p.m. with the Speech from the Throne. Poilievre questions PM over alleged Chinese interference Ont. court strikes down controversial wage-limiting Bill 124 Saskatoon Saskatoon Subway restaurant cuts hours due to safety concerns City funding boost for shelter won’t cover shortfall: Saskatoon SPCA Morning blaze destroys Saskatoon garage Winnipeg Late Winnipegger donates largest individual gift ever made to Canadian charity Cyclists who shovelled Winnipeg bike lanes undeterred by possibility of fines 'Pretty disturbing': Manitoba dog rescue rehabbing dog found alive with hole in head Calgary Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Man found shot in southeast Calgary; police investigating Edmonton Smith tables controversial sovereignty act, which is 'likely' to survive in court Former premier Jason Kenney resigns from Alberta legislature 'Pretty unique': Giant snowboarding jump goes up in Commonwealth Stadium Toronto Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Woman in critical condition after shooting in Scarborough Ontario boy bursts into tears after parents surprise him with first Raptors game Ottawa 'Shocking and disturbing:' Ottawa lawyer accused of sexual misconduct Ottawa teen with dreams of pro basketball returns home after life-changing crash Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Vancouver Have you seen Jodine Millar? RCMP say concern growing after missing woman's vehicle found Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Reminder: Failing to shovel snow can lead to hefty fines in Metro Vancouver Montreal Montreal hikes residential taxes 4.1 per cent, highest since 2010 Quebec premier 'aiming' for 100 per cent French-speaking economic immigrants by 2026 Man, 64, dies in helicopter crash east of Montreal Vancouver Island BC Ferries cancels sailings along major routes due to weather Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Malahat traffic comes to a crawl after semi-truck gets stuck in snow Atlantic Mother of N.B. man found dead has message for premier: 'Your province is in crisis' Wind warnings as stormy end to November brings risk of power outages in Maritimes $150K offered for information in case of missing Halifax-area teen Devon Marsman Northern Ontario 'Absolutely terrifying': Two-month-old Sudbury boy hospitalized with RSV Sudbury woman warns residents after coyote sighting Springer Aerospace near the Sault enters CCAA, but says no danger it will shut down Kitchener Ontario's Bill 23 could cost Region of Waterloo $530 million: regional staff Guelph high school students build accessible ramp at woman's home Limited supply of children’s cold and flu medication arrives in Waterloo region Canada Dutch man who harassed B.C. teenager Amanda Todd returned to the Netherlands Canadian military plane intercepted by Chinese jets 'numerous' times in recent weeks Doug Ford government will appeal Ontario court decision to strike down Bill 124 Edmonton mom says she was beaten, robbed in random attack outside LRT station Head of RCMP watchdog orders investigation into arrest of Alta. teen with autism BREAKING BREAKING | Flight cancellations at YVR amid snowfall warnings on B.C.'s South Coast World Uneasy calm grips Ukraine as West prepares winter aid Stowaways found on a ship's rudder in Spain's Canary Islands Records: Bullet found near 2 teens' bodies came from suspect Hawaii volcano eruption has some on alert, draws onlookers Landmark same-sex marriage bill wins Senate passage Biden, Macron ready to talk Ukraine, trade in state visit Entertainment Giant Elon Musk head sculpted by B.C. artist part of crypto stunt making international headlines Will Smith, opening up about Oscars slap, tells Trevor Noah 'hurt people hurt people' 'Everything Everywhere All at Once' wins at Gotham Awards Health Why are China's COVID-19 rules so strict? How much water do you need to drink in a day? 'Eight glasses a day' rule a myth: study Is Alberta's approach to addiction truly behind the declining number of drug-poisoning deaths? Politics RCMP investigating 'foreign actor interference activities,' Lucki says, prompting China talk in the House Trudeau expresses support for Chinese protesters as show of dissent roils Beijing NDP leader calls on Canada Post to drop fuel surcharge over holiday rush period Sci-Tech Elon Musk claims Apple has 'threatened to withhold' Twitter from its app store China rocket taking 3 to space station to blast off Tuesday U.K. waters down online restrictions after free speech outcry Business Royal Bank of Canada signs deal to buy HSBC Canada for $13.5B Canadian agriculture groups hope new Indo-Pacific strategy leads to trade deals Economists see underlying signs of weakening in third quarter GDP numbers Autos Ferrari team principal Binotto leaving after troubled season Suncor to keep Petro-Canada retail business after comprehensive review of business See what vehicle emission levels look like in 500 cities across the world Lifestyle Why most men don't have enough close friends Watch out for these 12 scams this holiday season Gap year popularity rises with students, COVID-19 lockdowns and costs factors Sports Cameroon goalkeeper Andre Onana sent home from World Cup 'Something special': 3 local kids, all bantam teammates 10 years ago, reunite as Edmonton Oilers 'It has mentally and emotionally destroyed me': Former Vancouver Canucks coaching staffer files human rights complaint Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter © 2022 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
