https://ojs.aaai.org/index.php/ICWSM/article/view/19388
“This Candle Has No Smell”: Detecting the Effect of COVID Anosmia on Amazon Reviews Using Bayesian Vector Autoregression | Proceedings of the International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media Skip to main content Skip to main navigation menu Skip to site footer Open Menu Proceedings of the International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media Current Archives About About the Journal Submissions Privacy Statement Search Search Login Search Search Home / Archives / Vol. 16 (2022): Proceedings of the Sixteenth International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media / Poster Papers “This Candle Has No Smell”: Detecting the Effect of COVID Anosmia on Amazon Reviews Using Bayesian Vector Autoregression Authors Nick Beauchamp Northeastern University DOI: https://doi.org/10.1609/icwsm.v16i1.19388 Keywords: Measuring predictability of real world phenomena based on social media, e.g., spanning politics, finance, and health, Trend identification and tracking; time series forecasting, Subjectivity in textual data; sentiment analysis; polarity/opinion identification and extraction, linguistic analyses of social media behavior, Qualitative and quantitative studies of social media Abstract While there have been many efforts to monitor or predict Covid using digital traces such as social media, one of the most distinctive and diagnostically important symptoms of Covid -- anosmia, or loss of smell -- remains elusive due to the infrequency of discussions of smell online. It was recently hypothesized that an inadvertent indicator of this key symptom may be misplaced complaints in Amazon reviews that scented products such as candles have no smell. This paper presents a novel Bayesian vector autoregression model developed to test this hypothesis, finding that "no smell" reviews do indeed reflect changes in US Covid cases even when controlling for the seasonality of those reviews. A series of robustness checks suggests that this effect is also seen in perfume reviews, but did not hold for the flu prior to Covid. These results suggest that inadvertent digital traces may be an important tool for tracking epidemics. Downloads PDF Published 2022-05-31 How to Cite Beauchamp, N. (2022). “This Candle Has No Smell”: Detecting the Effect of COVID Anosmia on Amazon Reviews Using Bayesian Vector Autoregression. Proceedings of the International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media, 16(1), 1363-1367. https://doi.org/10.1609/icwsm.v16i1.19388 More Citation Formats ACM ACS APA ABNT Chicago Harvard IEEE MLA Turabian Vancouver Download Citation Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS) BibTeX Issue Vol. 16 (2022): Proceedings of the Sixteenth International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media Section Poster Papers Information For Readers For Authors For Librarians Part of the PKP Publishing Services Network Copyright © 2019, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence. All Rights Reserved.
